SQUADVENTURERS:
What could possibly go wrong?
________________
CHAPTER 1
ACQUISITION OF AN ESTABLISHMENT OF GREAT DECADENCE
  "Give it here Smim you idiot.  Some of us were born with the rare ability to hammer a nail without requiring surgery afterwards!" Bydalo snapped, his words leaking derision.  He had delegated the task of posting up the 'adventurers wanted' flier to the weedy Smimsbing in the hope that the little rich git would manage it on his own, thus leaving Bydalo free to gawp at some nearby dancing ladies.  Alas, the greasy-haired son of a wealthy member of 'government' had proceeded to whack the hammer onto his own pampered hand.  It was very possible that his eye had left the tip of the nail and landed on some jiggling beauties precisely at the critical moment.
  "OW!  ow-ow-ow-ow owee!  Sorry Bydalo, Sir, I... I'm not much good with a hammer.  Father always had men do that sort of thing for us" Smimsbing mewled, sucking tenderly at his now purplish-red thumb.  
 "More likely you were leering at those dancing women!  Sort yourself out Smim, you're embarrassing me" Bydalo replied, perfectly aware of his hypocrisy but not particularly worried about Smimsbing standing up to him.  If he was honest with himself, Bydalo didn't really like Smim all that much; he was a bit of a wimp and a suck-up, and was constantly making his sheltered upbringing painfully evident.  That upbringing, however, was exactly why Bydalo had made Smim the second in command of his planned adventuring organisation.  Smim's father had a hoard of wealth and wasn't afraid to splash it on his son, especially when his son was getting booted into the world of monster slaying and so forth in an attempt to toughen him up - although Smim seemed unwilling to actually ask for the money or share it when he did have some.  
  Though he'd have preferred somebody more naturally heroic, Bydalo was more than happy to make use of Smim's pocket money if he had the chance.  He would find some real warriors once his flier was answered.
  "When do we start the interviews Sir?  I've prepared some good questions!"  Smim asked, trying to redeem himself it seemed.  He also couldn't wait to get to The Crusty Pantaloons for a drink.
  "Obviously on the time and date I've written on the flier we've just posted.  I'm not surprised you didn't notice, considering you weren't even looking in the general direction of what you were hammering." 
  Smim blushed slightly as he remembered quite clearly reading the time and date and supposedly committing them to memory.  [a][b]
  "So what do we do until then, sir?"
  "I've got a few property viewings lined up.  Once we've got a squad going, we'll need a decent headquarters building for the team to meet and prepare in before missions.  If you're going to be a serious organisation that gets all the best jobs, you have to have a proper headquarters or everybody will think you're just a bunch of wasters that met in an inn, downed five pints, and then decided to become famous heroes."  Bydalo replied.  He had begun walking in the direction of one of the houses that they were to view.  Sadly, it was across town and would probably take them half an hour to reach.  That left far too much time for Smim to talk uninterrupted about his exciting plans for a job request and customer fulfillment system.
  
  Upon arriving at the first building, Bydalo immediately realised that it would be out of their price range.  His means were modest, even when bolstered by Smim's pocket money, and he fully expected to be investing all of his meagre fiscal portfolio into a rat infested storage shed.
  A man was waiting outside who looked as though he was trying to dress smartly but couldn't quite afford it. He was balding so violently that Bydalo was reminded of sailors escaping a sinking ship.  He could only have been the man in charge of selling the property on.
  "Ah! You would be mister-" the man began.
  "Bydalo.  Just call me Bydalo."  No sense letting Smim know his real surname.  The embarrassment would be fatal.
  "Right you are mister Bydalo! My name is Heb but perhaps you've heard of my trading name - Honest Heb's Housing?  No?  Well I suppose you must be new to town.  No Matter.  Step this way, I have the key to this magnificent establishment here somewhere..." he replied while rummaging in a pouch frantically.
  Once he found the key, he opened the ornate wooden door to the front of the building.  No creaking, no escaping bats, no smell of urine.  Bydalo sighed inwardly, dreaming of what might have been if he had some more cash.
  "So what we have here is a modern warehouse design that was commissioned by an historic trading group and built by a local architect who was at the time quite renowned for his work in brick laying technology"  the salesman sermoned, obviously trying hard to sound enthusiastic and engaged.
  He carried on making his sales pitch, but Bydalo wasn't really listening.  He was trying to think of an excuse to give to Smim as to why they wouldn't buy this place, rather than have to admit that he didn't have the money.  It wouldn't do for an excellent leader of noble heroes to be too poor now, would it?
  "... Exquisite workings on the window frames and doors, I'm sure you'll agree?"
  "Oh yes, fantastic" Bydalo said, feeling like he'd revealed too much sarcasm.  Apparently Heb hadn't noticed at all.  In fact, he seemed quite content to blather on and listen to his own voice, so Bydalo left him to it.
  After they finished the tour, they thanked Heb and told him that they'd think about the property, but that they must move on to another viewing before missing their appointment.
  "Excellent news, I believe I saw the glint of buying lust in your eyes mister Bydalo!  I've a funny feeling that you'll be back for this place!" Heb said, all but winking roguishly as he laid a too-friendly hand on Bydalo's shoulder.  He obviously didn't realise that he was completely wrong. 
  "I say, you wouldn't happen to be viewing Thirteen Bog Street next would you?" he added.
  "Actually yes, that was our next stop.  I suppose you're showing it too?"
  "That would be me yes indeed, but I don't think you'll be needing to see that place!"  he said with a knowing smile.
  Ugh.  Bydalo hated when people assumed things about him.
  "What's wrong with it?"
 "I take it you've never even heard of Bog Street then!"  Heb said incredulously.  "Well.  I guess I can sum it up quite succinctly by saying that Bog Street is rather aptly named.  Does that help?"  The wink was more than implied this time.
  "Doesn't sound great, but I guess it can't hurt to have a look.  Compare what's on offer and all that"  Bydalo said.


  And so they set off in the direction of Bog Street, Bydalo noticing the gradual change from 'desirable' property to 'liveable', then on to 'prison would be better'.  The terror didn't stop there, though.  They dropped a further rung on the proverbial ladder and came to pause at the foot of Bog Street, a long corridor of houses that were obviously put together by people with no idea what they were doing.  Smim could not have looked more out of place, and was quite obviously worried that he'd be stabbed and robbed at any second.  For once in his life, his anxiety might have been justified.
  "As you see mister Bydalo, it's the complete opposite of the wonderful trading district we just came from.  A distinguished man such as yourself would hardly be well represented here!"  Heb was right for once.  Bydalo was a distinguished man - or so he told himself.
  "Well we are here now, so we might as well go for a look around" the young man responded.  He was dreading the thought of having to set up operations in a place like this, but as he had been reminded while shifting his money pouch to a less visible spot, he couldn't afford better.
  They set off down the lane, occasionally slipping in nondescript dark sludge that none of them dared to look at too closely.  After a few minutes, Heb stopped before the doorway to what must presumably be the building.  There was no number thirteen to be seen, but it must have been the place, judging by how dreadful it looked.
  The front of the building was a shambling mound of mouldering wood and struggling moss, emanating a damp odour and creaking like an old pirate ship.  It seemed to be three stories high, with the top floor in a much better condition by the lovely real window shutters it had.
  "Is the top floor part of the property we're viewing?"  Bydalo enquired.
  "No I'm afraid not, that floor belongs to a separate ... 'business' shall we say.  A very ancient profession, if you catch my drift!  Don't worry though, they have their own entrace on the other side of the building - nice and quiet round there!"
 Fantastic.  It was going to be fun trying to sleep at night in this place...
  Heb nudged Smim jovially with his elbow and began rummaging around his pockets for the key.  He stopped abruptly as if remembering something.
  "Ah! this place, um, requires a familiar touch." He said awkwardly, before proceeding to kick the stiff and ill-fitted front door inwards.
  "If you'll... follow me gents...this is-" He broke off mid sentence with a ladylike yelp that he tried valiantly hard to disguise as a cough.
 "Sorry, thought it was a rat."  
  Bydalo looked dubiously at what he thought looked more like the fossilized remains of human feces.
  "So anyway, this is the reception area.  I'm sure you'll agree it's definitely an exciting development opportunity?  Plenty of space, but still cosy-feeling with the low ceiling."
 The ceiling in question was actually sagging in the middle, almost scraping the top of their heads.  It looked, as did the rest of Bog Street, as though it was struggling with great inner turmoil and had all but given up.
  "Let's take a look at the upstairs Heb, if the ceiling will hold our weight?" Bydalo prompted.
  "Oh don't worry yourself mister Bydalo, these old houses have stood the test of time and have really shown some character to still be here! Wonderful construction..." Heb's tone should have sounded confident, but even the fossilized poop could detect his complete lack of belief.
  They made the death-defying ascent up the rickety staircase (that reminded them of a stack of crates) and came to the landing, which looked much like the barren reception area.  Everything was built from old, partially rotted wood that was covered in dubious stains and had nails sticking out all over the place.  A further exploration revealed that there were several well-sized rooms on the first floor, each very similar to the reception area downstairs, complemented by a garderobe toilet towards the back of the building.  Smim almost fainted when he opened the door and saw the wooden bench with the round hole cut out of it, sitting above a long drop to a pile of profound obscenity the likes of which would ne'er be seen again in this world, nor on any plane of existence.
  Heb led them around a few more small rooms of the building, including what Bydalo assumed was supposed to be a kitchen downstairs.  There was even a basement, which might prove useful for storage - if they could clean out the ecosystem of disease ridden animals first.  
  As they left the building, Heb turned to them to conclude the day.  He informed them of the price and showed Bydalo the deed to the building, the previous owner being listed simply as 'Skeggy' and having a rough 'X' to mark their signature.  There was a small green stain that Bydalo was sure had originated in someone's nose.
  "Well mister Bydalo, shall i start drawing up the deal for the first property?" Heb asked, in a hurry to get out of Bog Street and to make some money.
  "Actually Heb, i think we'll take Bog Street's finest if you would be so kind"
  Smim almost fainted for the second time that day.  What had Father got him in for?  He desperately wanted to go back home for a scented bath that might wash away the traumatic memories of the dreaded toilet.
  "Sir! You can't be serious? We men of great distinction surely deserve better..." He said quietly to Bydalo, perhaps hoping to sway his decision with a little flattery.
  "Come on Smim, this place is a steal and as Heb said, it's a great development opportunity.  With some work, this place will be a great headquarters."  Bydalo wished he believed that.  Again he felt the weight of his money pouch and sighed inwardly.  This is what it had come to already?
  Smim's knees quivered and he felt queasy.  He was going to have to sit on that wooden bench, with his little soldier hanging down that hole above the pile of terror.  A strong urge to run away in any direction filled him.
  Heb thought it best to get the deal finished before any second thoughts grew too strong.  
 "Right you are sir, I'm sure you'll have this place polished up in no time! If you'll just sign the deed and make the financial transaction, seventy-three Bog Street will be yours!" He announced, looking pleased with himself.
  The deal was made, and Bydalo took his copy of the deed and rolled it into a scroll case.  He'd bought the smart leather case a few weeks ago, thinking it made him look like a serious professional who was organised and knew what he was doing.  He had yet to upgrade the rest of his appearance.
  "What now then Bydalo?  Can we go to the tavern? I heard those dancers are going to be at The Crusty Pantaloons tonight." Smim asked.
  "Uh... I think it best you return to your father's compound for the afternoon Smim.  I'm going to um... check in with local businessmen and see what I can find out about potential jobs.  Yes, someone around here has to do some work" Bydalo said, hoping Smim would believe him.  
  He couldn't wait to get to the Pantaloons and watch the dancers, but the thought of having an excited Smim cramping his style was loathsome.
  "Oh... Ok Sir.  When shall I meet you for the recruitment drive?"
  "Head over to the Pantaloons a little before the time we said on the poster.  There's no need to be there too early, mind." 
  "OK Sir" Smim repeated.  "See you later!" He walked off with great alacrity, clearly elated at the prospect of leaving Bog Street and getting back to civilisation.
  Bydalo also shot off with haste, keen to get to the bar.  He was going to need quite a few cheap beers to make sleeping in seventy-three Bog Street tonight a possibility.


  
________________


CHAPTER 2
COMPOSING AN ELITE ASSEMBLY OF THE MOST HEROIC
  Bydalo and Smim were sitting together at the cleanest table they could find in The Crusty Pantaloons, surrounded by a small gathering of would-be applicants for their adventuring business.  Their table was already getting on Bydalo's neves as one of the legs was too short and any pressure to one side would make his drink wobble.  He slapped Smim's arm with the back of his hand and told him to sort the table out, then looked to the list of names on the 'adventurers wanted' poster.  Some of the markings weren't even names, but simply symbols that a few of them had used to identify themselves.
  Bydalo had listed that he was looking for certain types of people.  He knew they'd need a man of great strength and stature, with an impressive bearing and fighting skill to match.  He'd also recognised the need for a seedier sort.  A person with underground contacts and a particular set of skills that were earned over a long career - and you normally had to pay a lot for.  A person that generally got you robbed and then stabbed (or stabbed first) when you went looking for them.  He was also on the lookout for an outdoors type who might know something about tracking and survival, although he didn't have much hope of finding such a person in the city.
  The group around them all seemed to be getting along quite well and almost seemed more interested in drinking and making jokes than the actual interviewing that was about to take place.  Bydalo decided it was time to take charge and establish his leadership.
  "Ladies and gentlemen" He announced confidently.  Nobody so much as turned their head.
  "LADIES AND GENTLEMEN!" He shouted this time.
  Only a very tall and robust man who was also annoyingly handsome took any notice.  Bydalo assumed that he was probably there to apply for the strongman position due to his toned frame.
  The big man spoke in a deep and calm voice.  "Everybody listen up, the man with the poster is talking."
 A hush immediately fell on the group and all eyes turned to Bydalo, who had already started to become flustered with the way they had ignored him and listened to the pretty one.  The big man sat back down and draped his arm across the shoulder of a comely lass.
  "Thank you.  My name is Bydalo.  Welcome to the first ever meeting of our new adventuring organisation!"  He announced.
 "Bydalo who?"  Someone heckled.  Nope, they were never going to get his last name, not even if they tortured him for a year.
  "Ahem, Just Bydalo, nothing more... Now, if you'll all please keep the noise to a minimum and wait for your name to be called, we'll get these interviews done and then get down to some serious drinking.  How does that sound?"  He had their attention now, as well as their curiosity, and had successfully distracted them from asking about his name.
  "So... the first name on the list is a 'Brob' for the position of the strongman?" Bydalo asked, looking towards the tall man and expecting him to stand again.  The tall man shook his head.
  Instead, a loud 'aha!' was heard from a squat figure to the left.  Bydalo gave him a glancing inspection and was instantly reminded of several boulders he had once seen in a quarry.  The man was short, though definitely very muscular, and he had a most impressive moustache.  Bydalo watched slightly impatiently as the man known as Brob picked up his drink and slammed it down his throat with gusto, smashing the empty wooden cup back down on his table with glee.  
  As Brob stood up enthusiastically he sent his chair flying backwards and also shoved his table several inches forward, causing some beer to be spilled.  He didn't exactly walk over to Bydalo's table so much as wade through the crowd, pushing chairs and the people on them to either side and causing a bit of a ruckus.
  "Brob reporting sir."  He said in a slurred, gruff voice.  "Strongman at your service"  He finished
  "Hello Brob, please take a seat."  Bydalo replied, trying to sound official.
  "Don't mind if I do!" Said Brob, dropping heavily into the empty seat across from Bydalo and Smim.  Did this man have any concept of subtlety?
  "So, Brob, you're a strongman?  What sort of feats have you accomplished?" Bydalo asked.
  Brob proudly responded.  "Well I can probably drink that one over there into oblivion."  He motioned to the tall adonis figure who had spoken earlier.
  "Yes that is very impressive, but I don't see how this proves your strength? Have you bested any men of renown or lifted any famous objects?"
  "Hmph."  The moustache bristled aggressively, like it was about to attack.  How does a collection of hair manage to look aggressive? Bydalo wondered.
  "I'll have you know, young 'un, that I can lift anything.  ANYTHING!" Brob continued in indignation.
  "Hmm can you show me something now?  All I need is to confirm your strength."  Bydalo asked.
  Brob suddenly brightened at the prospect of showing off.  Nothing gave him greater satisfaction than to lift heavy things and be showered with praise.  He bullishly header over towards a bench that four buxom wenches happened to be sitting on and gave them an uncharacteristic looking bow.  He then pulled his moustache to neaten it before laying down and sliding on his back underneath the bench.
  "YOU WANT TO SEE IT?  SEE IT THEN!" Brob roared to cheers from the crowd.
  With a small grunt he pressed the wench bench up into the air unfalteringly, summoning more celebration from the crowd who had turned to watch.  The ladies giggled and looked at each other and then gasped as Brob let the bench drop to the floor with a thud.  Two of the ladies slipped off the seat to land on the floor with Brob, who immediately got his arms around them and invited them to touch his moustache.  More giggling followed.
  "What do you think Smim?  I think we've seen enough."  Bydalo said, marking a tick next to Brob's name.  He was suitably impressed with the strength, and also appreciated Brob's ability to charm the girls.
  "Wow Bydalo Sir I've never seen anything like that! I doubt Even father's bodyguards could have lifted that!"
  "Oh, stop simpering Smim it's the man's job."  Bydalo scolded.  It was fun squashing Smim's annoyingly upbeat enthusiasm.
  "Brob! You're hired." Bydalo announced.  Another cheer from the group.  Brob took his original seat back (ladies in tow) and snapped his fingers in the direction of the barman.
  "More firewhisky! Put it on the boss man's tab!" Brob shouted.  Bydalo tried to tell the barman that he had no intention of paying for Brob's drinks, but his voice was lost in the excited cheering and chattering of the rest of the group.  Bydalo wondered just how many were genuinely interested in a job and how many were there on the slim chance of a free drink.  It was just as well he had some spare money from the HQ fund...


  Next up were the interviews for the group rogue.  Bydalo had been slightly nervous about this one, as he had no experience or knowledge of the shadier side of life, and didn't want to appear as such to any candidates.  He had scanned the gathering earlier to see if there were any likely looking types present, but he didn't find what he was expecting.  Perhaps that made sense.  Those type of people would probably not want to make their presence known or obvious, and he assumed they were already doing the rounds and picking everybody's pockets.  That was what went down in The Crusty Pantaloons anyway, if reputation was anything to do by.
  This position probably had the most applicants, and Bydalo had a suspicion that people had misunderstood and thought it was a job which mainly involved being a drunken lout and petty thief.  So far they had sent away three people who clearly couldn't have picked their own nose, never mind a lock on a dungeon door.  Shockingly, these were people who hadn't been able to write their own name.  Plebs, thought Bydalo.
  The next name up was 'Rack'.  It definitely sounded to Bydalo like the name of a murdering, thieving, backstabbing, snipe of a man (or woman! This was an equal opportunities adventuring group after all).
  He called the name, and to his complete surprise the tall, handsome, life-of-the-party man stood up.  The man named Rack was one of those charismatic wonders who somehow drew everybody's attention and adoration without trying.  As he stood and walked to the interview table, the crowd chattered quietly among themselves, pointing and nodding towards him and becoming quite interested.
  Rack sat down, and Bydalo for the first time noticed that the man actually had quite worn and dirty clothing.  In fact, he looked like he was down on his luck and had been sleeping rough.  This weighed in his favour in Bydalo's mind, as it meant he might know local homeless people and street characters who were always useful contacts to have.  
 Nevertheless, Bydalo was surprised at the man's popularity when he was so obviously in life's gutter.  The girls he'd been sat with clearly hadn't judged him for it.
  Smim was blatantly in awe of the man, and also slightly intimidated.  Mother had told him all about the rough types in the poorer areas of the city.  Usually they were large, blocky men with multiple chins, small beady eyes, and knuckles that have been hammered flat by years of punching nice boys like him in the face before robbing them.  Sometimes they apparently happened to be stupidly handsome giants who managed to look dashing while wearing ratty old clothes.
  "Hey there" Rack said in his bassy voice, with a wink that was so charming that even Bydalo forgot about his earlier irritation at Heb's incessant winking.
  "Ahem.  Good evening mister Rack, you're here for the position of the group rogue, correct?"
  "That's me alright.  I'm the man you need."  Rack replied, looking absolutely confident of himself.
  Bydalo wasn't so sure.  "Are you SURE you're not supposed to be a strongman or fighter or something?"
  Rack laughed easily.  "Well Sir I'm pretty handy in a fight and I ain't found a man stronger'n me yet.  Gotta say though, that Brob looks like he's got a shot.  I'm a scoundrel though Sir, I've got the contacts and the skills.  I can get in anywhere - by sneakin', fightin' or talkin'".  
  He did indeed sound like the man, and Bydalo believed him.  It was hard not to believe this guy.  But then again, the way the crowd ignored Bydalo and seemed to love Rack really did grate on the young leader.
  "Mister Rack, Sir, what would you say is your biggest weakness and what steps will you take to improve on this?" Smim queried, choosing now to stick his nose in with the questions he had prepared.  Bydalo thought this was a terrible question and quickly cut in to avoid further embarrassment.
  "Ignore him, Rack, tell me - how do you go about "sneakin'" when you're so large and, well... noticeable?"
  "Ah! You see sir, I've got this cloak that I use when I need to go a-sneakin'."  He rummaged around in a pack that he had, and drew out a large rag that stank like death.  In fact, it smelled like it had fallen in the pile of profound obscenity back at the headquarters before being 'cleaned' and dried.  
  "What is that?" Bydalo exclaimed.  Smim retched.
  "It's my sneakin' cape sir!  When I gotta go unseen I stick this on and I blend in anywhere."  Rack said earnestly.
  Bydalo's scepticism was coming back to him.  The idea of this cloak making someone less conspicuous seemed insane to him.  Maybe Rack wasn't the man after all.
  After a few more minutes of conversation and questions, Bydalo thanked Rack and asked him to sit down and await their decision.  They still had one more name on the list, someone who called themselves 'Stopper'.  When they called his name, Stopper appeared from out of nowhere and sort of slithered up to the seat opposite them, looking incredibly shady in his black leather coat with accompanying hood.  It looked quite expensive, but also like it didn't fit - as though it was originally someone else's.  It also seemed like it had a knife-shaped hole on the left breast that had been poorly stitched together.  A few in the crowd had looked both alarmed and extremely interested once they heard the name.
  Bydalo felt totally uneasy just looking at Stopper, and Smim visibly shrank in his seat until his nose was almost scraping the table.  This man looked the part, and then some.  They could have sworn the lighting in the pub had gone down to a foreboding level.
  "Mister... Stopper, nice to meet you.  My name is Bydalo and this here is my associate Smim.  You are applying for the rogue position, yes?" Bydalo began, trying to stick to his professional interviewer routine without his voice breaking.
  "Yes."  Was Stopper's only response.  They couldn't see his eyes behind his hood.
  "Right... so, um, what skills do you bring?" Beyond murder Bydalo almost added.  He'd have bet Smim's life that this guy was some kind of hitman.  At first Stopper didn't answer, he simply reclined in his seat and studied his wine for a dramatically long time before taking a sip.
  "I stop people."  The scary man replied.
  "Riiiight.  You mean you ... stop them from living?  For money?"  Bydalo asked.  His stomach twisted.
  "Yup."  A man of few words and less remorse it seemed.  Not that many words were needed, it was pretty certain what Stopper did and didn't do in life.  Bydalo didn't know quite what to ask next, he was thoroughly out of his depth with this sort of thing, and to say he was intimidated was an understatement.
  Stopper didn't seem to think speech was necessary.  He sat for a minute that felt like an intense hour, and then decided he was done.  He took another sip of his wine, stood, and melted back into the patrons of the pub.  The room magically became lighter and happier again.
  "Sir, that man was scary, let's not work with him please?" Smim whined.
  "Come on Smim he's just a man, don't be such a wimp" Bydalo fired back, as usual trying to sound more confident than he was.  
  "I think, however, that Rack was more of an all-rounder and probably would suit our team better."  He said.  Smim's relief was so plainly written across his face and body that he was positively glowing.
  "RACK!  You're hired."  Bydalo declared across the crowd, praying that Stopper wouldn't hear and come to knife him later.  Rack took the news as though he'd expected it all along, rising and joining Bydalo and Smim at their table.  Sadly, he didn't bring the lovely ladies with him.
  Brob, having seen Rack join the other two, gave a loud 'aha!' again and brought several vessels full of drink over to join them.  He gave one to Rack and they both started drinking together, talking loudly and jostling each other like schoolboys.  Bydalo felt that Smim, who was physically between him and the others, was cutting him off from the fun.  Damn Smim.  Time to get this over with.
  "It looks like we've not had any applicants for our ranger position, but I'm not really surprised.  We might have to head out of the city to find a person with those skills.  We do have one more guy though, he's put himself down in his own column as a 'knight'.  I never really thought about asking for a knight but hey, why not give him a chance?"  Bydalo said, hoping that Brob and Rack might take an interest and join in the interview with him.
  "Uh... Truft?" He called to the crowd, expecting some grizzled and mature looking nobleman to stand, wearing glorious armour and carrying some heroic banner.  He was tragically disappointed.
  "Lymon Truft here Sir, reporting for duty Sir!"  Came the confident but high pitched trumpeting of a slight young man who had been sat on his own.  While he didn't have any armour, he at least wore what appeared to be an inherited sword.  It was a little old fashioned, but Lymon must have treated it with the greatest respect and care by the way he wore it.  Bydalo had heard that knights cared massively for their swords.  It was one of those nonsensical symbolic things.
  Lymon threw a salute and then daintily made his way forward, with one hand on his hip in a sassy manner.  'Sassy' seemed like a word Bydalo wouldn't normally associate with his idea of a knight, but who was he to judge?  He also couldn't afford to turn people away for these jobs just because they weren't ideal.
  As Lymon sat down, Bydalo saw in the corner of his eye that Smim was quite interested now.  Actually, he noticed that the two of them were similar in a way.  He sensed that perhaps they both had a similar 'kinda rich but not really' background.
  "Hello Sir Truft! That's a fine sword.  Where do you see yourself in five years?"  Smim asked animatedly, spilling his words out.
  "Not now, Smim.  Sir Truft... is that what we call you?  How and when did you become a knight?"  Bydalo asked.
  "Truft Sir, yes, but you may call me Lymon.  I am not officially a knight yet Sir but I was taught in knightly things by my father, who was the noblest and most pure knight of the Order of the White Swan of Goldlilyhampton-on-blythe!" He announced with a flourish, as though he expected gasps of awe.  When none came, he continued unabashed.  He seemed quite sure of himself.
  "He was a famous knight and hero, and he has passed on his sword to me that I may continue the legacy of great warriors who defend the innocent!"  Again, another flourish.  This one was quite theatrical, as he lay a hand across his chest as though making an oath.
  Bydalo took this to mean he was looking for adventure more than wealth, which sounded ideal.
 "Sounds great, I take it you're a handy fighter then, ready to battle to the last?"
  "Yes sir.  I've never been in an actual fight, but daddy trained me to use the sword, and I also know how to use shields and lances, as every knight should."  He stood and twirled his sword in a gap between some tables.  He twirled his body with it, and finished the little routine in a rather dramatic pose.  Rack and Brob snorted into their drinks.  The 'knight' had clearly been trained in some form of dancing rather than fighting.
  "Shhh!" Bydalo hissed at the two to silence their laughter.  Of course, they then started giggling to each other.  Bydalo fought hard not to join them.  Lymon had looked quite ridiculous.
  "Nice moves Trufty!  There'll be ogres and trolls out there who wouldn't wanna cross swords with you!"  Rack said, spluttering into his mug with laughter towards the end of his sentence.  Brob giggled so hard he spilled his pint.
  'Trufty' looked most affronted, but returned to his seat with his chin up, looking very dignified.
  It was getting quite late and Bydalo felt like the night had been a reasonable success so far.  Better than he'd expected anyway - Brob was certainly what he'd been hoping for and Rack was going to be handy in a fight even if he wasn't the best dungeoneer ever.  Now it just came to Trufty, and so far Bydalo wasn't that impressed.
  They talked for a few minutes more, with Smim butting in with his stupid questions.  Trufty was very happy to talk about himself and enjoyed the attention.  After a little while, Bydalo decided that he wasn't going to bother paying this knight for his services.  If he couldn't fight, what was the point of a knight after all?  Brob and Rack had that covered, and Bydalo himself wasn't too shabby with violence.  Smim was already burden enough.
  "Listen Sir Trufty..." He began
  "TRUFT."  Lymon corrected, obviously having had to correct the same 'mistake' before.
  "Sir Truft.  I'm not sure whether we really need a knight on our team.  We have limited funds and space in our headquarters, and we have yet to find ourselves a woodsman.  I'm afraid I'm going to have to decline your application."  Bydalo said, hoping he took it well.
  Lymon Truft stood, throwing his head back with a 'hmph' and headed out of the tavern.  Bydalo thought that things could have gone worse.  He half expected the knight to make a scene.
  He turned back to the others and asked Smim to fetch a round from the bar for their new companions.  Smim glanced nervously towards the barman, but summoned up his courage and headed over.  Bydalo took this chance to move next to Rack and Brob so he could chat to them.  They looked at him awkwardly, as though he might be about to throw a downer on the evening.
  "Watch out for that Trufty, whatever you do don't let him get his hands on your coin purse!" Bydalo chirped by way of an icebreaker.  Rack and Brob took it well, and chuckled, smashing their pints together.  Bydalo felt very impressed with himself for making them laugh.
  Smim returned with drinks, and the four continued to imbibe and joke and watch the dancing ladies for a little while before deciding to move on to another pub.  Even Smim was getting involved and Bydalo found him a lot more tolerable when he was tipsy.
  As they were leaving the Pantaloons, they were to pass the door to the stables on their way.  Bydalo happened to glance in and see none other than Trufty, finishing putting riding gear onto a horse.
  "Hold up, hold up!" He said to the others, causing Rack and Brob to wobble precariously as he grabbed their shoulders.
  "Sir Truft! Is that your horse?"  Bydalo called.
  "Oh it's you.  Yes, he's mine.  His name is Horace Winghoof."  Trufty replied, with a completely serious face.  Bydalo held back a snort at the name.  If there was any horse in the world that did not deserve the name 'Winghoof' it was Horace.  His knees were practically quivering with old age and his mane was matted.  He had friendly but dim eyes and he was chewing slowly on a carrot, drooling slightly.
  "Ah, a fine stallion.  You didn't mention him during your interview."  Bydalo said.  If he had known Trufty had a horse, things might have been different.  Horses were expensive and he couldn't afford one, but he desperately wanted one because it would be useful for carrying things and also gave them a little more status and image.  The girls were always impressed by adventurers with horses.  Even if it was only Horace 'Winghoof'.
  "Yes, well, he's not much to look at now but in his day he was a glorious charger.  Horace has probably seen more action than all of you combined!"  Trufty said, lovingly brushing Horace's mane.  Glorious Horace chose this exact moment to defecate.
  Bydalo turned to the others and spoke in a low voice.  "We really need a horse.  I can't believe I'm suggesting this but I think we should bring Trufty along to join our band."
  Smim, being fairly drunk now, cheered aloud.  Brob and Rack looked at him with raised eyebrows.
  "Go on then cap'n, give the kid a chance" Rack said.  The matter seemed decided.
  Bydalo strode over to Trufty, trying to walk in a perfectly straight line.
  "Look, Lymon, I was too rash earlier.  I've had a chance to think about it and I've decided now that a knight would bring great honour and glory to our group.  We need someone like you, who looks so noble and brave, to give us that heroic aura!"  Bydalo said, trying to sound poetic and glorious and all that knightly rubbish.
  Trufty did a complete reversal of his earlier disdain at being rejected "Really Sir?  That's fantastic!  I shall accompany you into any danger, and face any foe!" He drew his sword and threw a majestic sweeping salute to the sky, before then sheathing it and wrapping his arms around Bydalo.  Brob and Rack elbowed each other and had a giggle.  
  Glorious Horace then turned his head towards the two younger men, locking Bydalo in the most intensely emotional eye contact he'd ever experienced.  Neither horse nor man could break the spell for over a minute.  A single tear formed in Bydalo's eye and the blurriness finally brought him back to reality.  He shook his head to get rid of the strange feeling, and thought to himself that The Crusty Pantaloons had really upped their game in the brewing department.
*
  Shhhing.  Shhhhing.  
  What was that noise?  It felt like someone was sliding needles slowly in and out of his brain.
  Shhhing.  Shhhhing.
  "What IS that noise? I'm trying to sleep!"  Bydalo groaned, swatting with his hand as though the sound were some fly buzzing around his head.
  Shhhing.  Shhhhing.
  Brob chimed in.  "Hrmph.  Who's sharpening their sword?  I've got a hangover that would slay a bull". 
  He dealt with it slightly better than Bydalo.  He sat up, briefly smoothing down his moustache and rubbing his eyes roughly.  Once he'd woken up a bit more, Brob realised it was Trufty that was sharpening his sword and making the awful grating sound.  
  "Trufty..."
  "Lymon, if you please!"  The young man said sharply
  "Trufty.  Can't you wait til I'm not dying on my arse to do that?"  Brob asked grumpily.
  Trufty sighed, giving Brob a withering glance.  "No.  I can't.  If I'm going to be a knight then I have to discipline myself.  That means being awake early and taking good care of my sword."  At this, Rack joined in with a chuckle.
  "We all like to polish our sword in the morning, but usually we do it in private Trufty."
  "My name is LYMON!"  He replied with growing frustration.
  "Jeez what's got up Trufty's knickers this morning?" Smim asked, now awake.  It would seem that after last night's session, Smim was feeling more like one of the boys.
  Trufty tossed his whetstone at Smim, who tried and failed to deflect it with his arm.  It glanced off his hip and he whimpered, deciding to pipe down and not sustain any more discomfort.  His head felt like he'd run into a brick wall, and his mouth felt as though he'd swallowed a desert.
  Bydalo stood slowly, not quite finding his usual balance.  He realised that they had, by some miracle, made it back to the headquarters and were now in the reception area under the sagging ceiling.  Rack was already standing, hunched and with his head at an awkward angle due to his height.
  "I, uh, need to excuse myself for a few minutes"  Bydalo said awkwardly.  He realised with dread that he was about to go and sit himself vulnerably above the pit of profound obscenity.  He gave a shudder, and resolved himself to the inevitable.
  "Bydalo, quick, where's a man go to weigh anchor in this place?"  Brob suddenly said frantically.
  "Actually Brob I was about to go and empty myself as well... come on I'll show you where it is."  Bydalo motioned towards the stairs.  For some reason he was relieved to share this struggle.
  Brob's squat legs burst into motion and he was up the stairs in seconds.  The physical exertion had caused the blood to pound furiously through his boulderous head, but he had far more urgent things on his mind.
  Bydalo joined him at the top of the stairs and began walking towards the garderobe, pointing it out to the hopping-on-the-spot Brob as he went.  He hadn't expected such rudeness, but Brob raced ahead, barging him out of the way and almost knocking him over in his haste.  The strongman had no sooner closed the door than Bydalo heard sounds that nobody should ever have to listen to.  He wasn't sure what was worse - seeing the pit of profound obscenity, or to actually listen as it grew.
  As Brob finished his business, he stood and called to Bydalo who was waiting further down the landing, telling him that he'd be out in a minute.  It was as he stood and looked beneath the garderobe to see the fruits of his labours that he realised what was below.  He gave an uncharacteristically high pitched sound of utter disgust, and made to leave the area.  In his terror, Brob momentarily forgot that doors can be opened.  Bydalo, who had started towards the garderobe suddenly saw the stocky form smash the door off it's hinges, knocking it to the floor where it splintered into a few rotten pieces.  Brob himself tripped and scrambled back to his feet in embarrassment, regaining his composure and bluster after a moment of preening.
  "All yours captain, enjoy!"  He said with a wink, heading downstairs to the others.  Bydalo, sitting moments later with no door to protect his modesty, heard some laughs emanating from the downstairs area.  He felt tremendously sick and he doubted it was because of last night's drinks.
________________
CHAPTER 3
A HEROIC VENTURE AND OSTENTATIOUS MEETING
  Later in the afternoon, when they had all recovered somewhat, Smim had been sent out to pick up some bread or something, anything, to eat.  Bydalo decided that he would give the outside of HQ an inspection.  After all, if they were going to be a legitimate business then they'd need to clean this place up once they earned some money.  Customers would be turned away from the place in it's current state.
  As he stepped outside, shielding his eyes from what felt like brilliant radiating sunshine burning into his brain, he took a look around the street.  Most of it was as he remembered from their last visit - filthy, crumbling, smelly and all around unappealing.  There were a few businesses dotted around, most of them bakeries and cafes and pubs that were all struggling to stay afloat. Interestingly there was also an apothecary that was opposite the HQ building.  This building was in a better state than most on the street, but the windows to the shop showed that the interior was incredibly disorganised and cluttered.  Bydalo had never had much interest in medicinal herbs and the like, but he did notice that the sign above the shop door also said 'Alchemy' and that did happen to be something he was a big fan of.  Who wouldn't love the ability to turn lead to gold?
  Smim wasn't back yet, and on a whim Bydalo decided to go over and have a look around the shop.  He wasn't sure why, but he felt a strange curiosity about the place.
  He crossed the street, nimbly dodging the slop and waste in the gutters and making sure to avoid eye contact with anybody that looked dangerous.  Which happened to be literally everybody on Bog Street.
  He gave a knock on the shop door before entering, hearing a little bell chime as the door opened.  It rang like echoing church bells in his head.
  "Who's that then?  If it's Hawley then don't bother, I haven't got the ingredients for your arse cream yet."  Came a female voice from somewhere in the back.  Her tone had a slightly frustrated edge to it that made Bydalo feel a bit rude even for stepping in.
  "Um, It's not Hawley actually.  My name is Bydalo, I've just moved in across the street"  Bydalo said to the room.
  A young woman, slightly older than Bydalo, emerged from a narrow door behind a desk.  She absent-mindedly brushed some objects that were hanging from above the door away from her face.
  "You poor bugger.  Hang on, you don't look like you're about to die!"  She exclaimed.  It was a strange thing to say but it seemed like a complement somehow.
  "Should I?"  Bydalo asked, confused.
  "Well... It's just that on Bog Street people usually look like they're close to death.  Sometimes it's poverty and hunger, sometimes it's disease as in Hawley's case, and sometimes it's because they're about to get knifed and robbed!"  She answered cheerfully.  Who would be cheerful in this place?  Bydalo wondered.
  Before he could say anything further, she introduced herself.
  "My name's Sephra.  I know, I don't look like I'm about to die either.  Looks like we've got that in common at least!  You must be new to this kind of area with that innocent look about you.  Best be careful, that can make you a target."
  She talked so fast that he didn't get a chance to think of anything to say in time to fight his way into the conversation.
  "Anyway this here's my shop where I can make you just about any cream or potion - for a good price of course.  I also run alchemical experiments as well.  I wouldn't have a sign up saying I'm an alchemist if I didn't do experiments now would I?"  She continued.
  "Oh you do experiments?  I'd be interested to see them"  Bydalo finally broke into the conversation.
  "Sure!  Come through to the back and I'll show you my special mix."  She was very enthusiastic.  Brilliant, Bydalo thought.  He instantly pictured himself in here performing all sorts of experiments with Sephra.
  He noticed as he began after her that she wore a very odd mixture of clothing.  It reminded him somewhat of Rack, although not quite as dirty or worn.  She had adorned her clothes with all kinds of little knick knacks that rattled lightly as she moved.  Bydalo couldn't fathom why anyone would do that but who was he to judge?
  He also noticed that there was a yeasty smell, much like he had smelled around the back of The Crusty Pantaloons where the drink was brewed.  As he stepped into the back room, a small dark space with dust and screwed up balls of paper everywhere and a pile of broken glass jars in the corner, he confirmed his suspicions as he saw a small collection of brewing equipment.
  "Is this what you meant with your 'special mix'?  A brew?"  He asked.
  "Yep!  This'll blow your head off.  It's not just a beer or wine, it's got some of my rarest ingredients in it!"  She replied excitedly.  Great.  Just what Bydalo didn't want to think about ever again.
  "Come and get a sniff of this, I had some fresh stuff last night which I've put in a jar for now"  As she spoke she offered him a small jug of a very dark liquid.  It didn't look appealing.
  Bydalo pretended to give it a sniff and smiled as though it had smelled great.  His stomach rumbled feebly and he remembered Smim.  
  "Smells great, I'd love to try a mug some time.  Listen, I need to go back to my associates across the street, do you want to come and meet them?"  He asked, praying she would come.  He had the adventuring team and he wouldn't mind adding an alchemist into the mix as well.  He didn't stop to think about whether or not he could afford to pay her.
  She considered him for a moment.  "Your associates?  You work over there or something?"
  "Actually I'm the captain of a group of adventurers.  We've just started a business, hiring ourselves out to anyone who needs that sort of heroic stuff doing."  He replied, hoping she'd be impressed.
 She looked more interested now.  "Adventurers eh?  Sounds dangerous.  You got some big tough warrior types over there?  They'd like my special brew."
 "Um, well yes I've hired a couple of guys already."  He said.  Her eyes lit up and she quickly grabbed up a few things and stuffed them in a bag.
  "Let's go then! Come on, Hawley was due to come over around this time and I really am not so desperate for money that I want to apply his arse cream."  With that, she ushered him out the door and locked up.  There were a lot of locks on the door, which Bydalo felt was redundant since the windows were made of the cheapest, most breakable glass.
  They headed back across the street and into the HQ.  Inside, the four others were already tucking into some cheap bread and nuts that Smim had found.  They were sat on a nice blanket with flowers stitched into it.  Bydalo surmised it was Smim's because Smim was the only one with decent gear and a doting mummy.
  "Ah, look Sir I've got us some nice bread!"  Smim chirped enthusiastically as Bydalo entered.
  "Excellent, thanks Smim." 
  Smim beamed at the rare praise.
  Bydalo continued. "Everybody, this is Sephra.  She's an alchemist and apothecary that owns a shop across the street.  I've brought her to meet you all and to see our headquarters."
  "I'm sorry it's not much to look at"  He added.  "We just bought it and haven't had a chance to fix it up."
  "That's OK, I've woken up in worse places with no memory of how I got there."  Sephra said back with a grin.  She turned to the group and immediately saw the hulking form of Rack.  Without hesitation she walked over and knelt down next to him, offering her hand.
  "Hello there... I'm Sephra.  Are you one of those big strong warrior types that Bydalo here mentioned?"  She said.
  "That's right."  He replied with a disarming smile.  "People call me Rack.  Bydalo hired me on as his underground contact and general nefarious type, but I'm pretty good with my hands when it comes to getting dirty"
 She giggled at the innuendo, and Bydalo silently cursed Rack and his stupid handsome face.
  "Hey there missy, watch out for this one."  Brob added.  "Since he's our resident rogue he'll have the clothes off your back!"  His moustache twitched with amusement.
  "Oh, mercy me! That sounds dreadful!"  Sephra said back sarcastically.
  "What's in the bag Sephra?"  Bydalo asked.  Anything to change the subject.
  "Ah well I'm glad you asked.  I brought some special brew for everyone to try.  I've also got my chicken bones and mouse feet."
 Smim snorted.  "Chicken bones?  What are you, a fortune teller?"  He said with unusual derision.  They could tell he immediately regretted speaking his mind, as they all stared at him like he'd spilled their drinks.
  "I cast the bones, yes.  You got a problem with that, posh boy?"  Sephra demanded.
  "Um, no, sorry Miss.  I was just surprised is all."  Smim whimpered.  Conversation turned back to special brew.
  "Here, everybody try some.  Just a little, i mean it's still early" She said with a cheeky look around.
  They all drank a mouthful each.  It really was foul tasting, and something in the body told them it was not actually a drinkable substance.  They did however find that it gave a pleasant warm sensation in the belly and they all felt cheery after drinking it.
  "Hey captain man I think we should keep this lass around.  Never know when a fortune telling alchemist with special brew and medicine might come in handy."  Rack pointed out.
  Bydalo couldn't really afford to take on Sephra AND a ranger, if they ever found one, but he also couldn't really say no.  Someone who knew medicine would be very useful, especially when they brought special brew with them and were cute in a tomboyish way.  He decided to agree with Rack.
  "Hmm what do you think Sephra?  Ever been adventuring?"  He asked.
  "Nope, but I did grow up around Bog Street so I've seen things."  At least this was more than Bydalo and Smim could say.  "I would also love to get out of the city.  I hear there are some very interesting reagents to be found out in the wilds.  Fish ears, Snake legs and so on."  She looked like she enjoyed the idea.
  Bydalo wondered which cretin had tried to teach this woman about nature.  He chose to let it go, and breezed onward.  "Alright then, want to join us?  You can stay over in your store if you don't want to slum it with us."  He said mercifully.  She'd never have stayed in this dump.
  "You know what?  I think I will join you.  I feel like getting out there and doing some crazy, dangerous travelling.  Why not?  But you gotta find a job then come to me so I can keep my shop open in the meantime.  A girl's gotta make a wage you know."  Sephra said, looking like she might bounce off the ceiling with anticipation.
  At this, Bydalo brightened.  He'd been waiting to tell everyone, and now was a good time. 
  "Actually, I already have a job lined up!  There's a farmer I know of who lives a couple of hours out of town, over towards the hills.  I think he keeps sheep or something - He's one of those hicks from the wild but when I met him in The Crusty Pantaloons last week he gave me a small advance..."  At this mention of cash, everybody's ears pricked up like a hungry dog's.
  "... which I used as a deposit on this place."  He motioned around at the headquarters.  Their ears all sank back to wherever they were previously.
  "So what's the job then captain?  I never heard of much excitement out at the foot of the hills, especially not on some old man's farm."  Said Brob, stretching out his bulging arms.
  "OK well if it's excitement you're after, then you'll be disappointed Brob.  HOWEVER..."  He added quickly, as Brob looked as though he was about to interrupt.  "... However , the farmer has assured me he'll pay us quite a lot.  He said he's got a small monster problem is his basement and he can't go in there to deal with it because he's too old.  He didn't say what the monsters were but he said we could handle it easily, and the reward will be pretty damn good."
  Sephra placed her hands on Brob's shoulders and began to massage them.  "Come on Brob - is that your name? Come on, it'll be fun.  I haven't been for a walk in ages and if this reward is as good as Bydalo says then it will be worth the trip!"
  Brob relaxed and acquiesced, greatly enjoying having his shoulders rubbed.
  This time it was Trufty who spoke up, standing with one hand on his hip.  It seemed to be his usual affectation.
 "Indeed Captain let us travel to this farm and help the poor man!  We shall purge his basement and be hailed by all as liberators and protectors!"  He was in love with the image of them riding off to save the day.
  Rack disagreed.  "Bydalo, this ol' hick could just be some crazy fossil.  Why wouldn't he tell you what the monsters were?  He could just be some madman seeing things in the dark, or it could even be something real nasty down there.  How do we even know he can afford this big payment he promised?"
  "I don't know Rack, but I intend to give it a chance."  Bydalo replied.  "We haven't exactly got much else to do, and we could use the money.  If it's as much as he says then we'll be set for a couple of weeks!"
  "I could always ask around.  I know a guy who knows a gal down in the old town who knows some people who dish out jobs.  OK so they're usually jobs for people like ol' Stopper but hey, they might have something for us?"  Rack responded.
  "How long would it take to do that?  You could go now and find out, then if you're back by tonight then we could always go to this farm and be back within two days for another job?"  Bydalo said.  The others didn't seem too excited by what sounded like potentially hard work, but Rack looked keen.
  "I'll go and check in with my guy.  I should be back in a couple of hours."
  Smim extracted some papers from his large bag of fancy kit and started writing.
  "What are you doing Smim?  Penning your first novel?" Bydalo remarked of Smim's rapid scribbling.
  "No Sir, I'm taking notes on the meeting we've just had.  One day, when we're famous heroes, everyone will want to know our story!"
  Bydalo scoffed.  "Really Smim, that's a bit premature don't you think?  We've not even left headquarters yet and you're writing up our legend?"  Secretly he loved the idea.  He hoped Smim would be flattering.


  Shortly after Rack left, Sephra also headed back to her shop to prepare and carry on with what she had been doing earlier.  This left Bydalo, Brob, Trufty and Smim sitting awkwardly in the reception room.  Nobody was quite sure what to say, so Brob started doing some exercises using Smim as a weight.  
  A few hours after Rack had left, he was back in the fading daylight.  As he caught Bydalo's eye, he shook his head.
  "Sorry boss, He didn't have anything for me yet.  He said to check back next month."  The big man said with a hint of frustration.
  "Never mind then guys, we'll go and check out this farm situation tomorrow.  Hopefully we'll get the cash and that will tide us over."  Bydalo tried to sound reassuring but he was now panicking at the thought of not being able to pay rent, or buy food even.  If this old git in the foothills was leading them on a wild goose chase then they'd be in trouble right off the bat.


  They chatted for another couple of hours by the light of one measly candle that Smim happened to have in his pack, and finally all bedded down for the night.  Bedding down in headquarters actually meant trying to lay comfortably on the grim wooden floor and get any sleep they could.  Only Smim had any bedding to speak of and it was a homemade blanket his mummy had knitted for him.
  In the morning they rose groggily and packed up what little things they had for the trip.  Trufty had already risen earlier and been to fetch Horace, and had been waiting patiently outside checking his kit and plaiting Horace's mane.
  Rack turned to Bydalo.  "Bydalo, I've just thought of somethin'.  These monsters we're meant to be gettin' gone.  Exactly how are we gonna be doing that?  Punching them to death?"
  Bydalo had completely forgotten that only Trufty really had a weapon.  How could he possibly have forgotten something so intrinsic to an adventuring band?
  "Ahem.  erm.  To be honest I didn't think of that.  I haven't got enough money left over to buy anything decent..."  Bydalo mumbled guiltily.  Some leader he was.
  Brob merely chuckled.  "I don't need no weapons, I'll smash 'em with any heavy things I can find!"  He gave an impromptu flex, relishing in his own swollen muscles.
  "That's great Brob but I need my hands kept in one piece, I'm supposed to be the lockpicker and all that rogue stuff"  Rack responded.  "Speaking of which... Bydalo maybe I could snatch a sword or two off people outside the city gates?  If we're far enough from the guards then there shouldn't be too much trouble."
  Bydalo would have none of this, despite their dire need.  "No! We're not going to steal from people! We're supposed to be a reputable band of hired adventurers, not muggers and thieves.  We'll have to think of something else.  Maybe the farmer will have some old tools or weapons we can use."  He finished hopefully.
  Rack didn't bother to argue, there wasn't much else for it and he knew they needed a good reputation.  He'd never been a genuine thieving sort anyway.
  They headed over to Sephra's apothecary and found her inside, bottling up special brew and packing it into her bag.  There seemed quite a bit of it.
  "Sephra... we'll be back tomorrow night you know?  I doubt you'll need all of that."  Bydalo said.
  She threw her hands up in mock dismay.  "Silly man!  I'm hoping I can sell some of these on our way.  I could use the cash, I'm nearly out of a few ingredients.  Mostly the reagents for arse cream - you'd be alarmed by how many people need it around here."  She finished with a grin, producing laughter from the group.  All except Trufty, who found nothing funny about the plight of Bog Street arses.
  Once she was finished, the journey began in earnest.  They walked through the city, Trufty leading Horace by his reins, and everyone else trying to stay away from Horace's rear end.  They reached the east gate and the road leading towards the foothills within half an hour or so and officially left town.  
  "It should just be a few hours from here now.  I haven't been there but I know the name of the farm.  He said we'll recognise it because there will be lots of sheep outside."  Bydalo informed them.
  "Uh, Sir, won't most of the farms around the foothills have sheep outside?"  Smim asked timidly.
  "Yes, Smim, but he told me that his sheep are noticeably more handsome than the others.  I'm not an idiot Smim, unlike you."  Bydalo snapped back.  Back in command again, and it felt good!
  Minutes later, Brob called for a halt, saying between breaths that he wasn't used to all this walking.
  "It's not easy being this short and this muscled you know!"  His moustache danced as he spoke indignantly.  He angrily smoothed it back down.
  They stopped for a little while, and then again later in the afternoon, before spotting some very handsome sheep and a small homestead nearby.  Bydalo assumed it must be the place, and confidently strode to the front door to knock.  Just as his hand was about to rap on the wood, the door snatched open and an ancient white haired man poked his head out, his long beard waggling with the movement.  
  "You adventurers?"  He asked in a hoarse voice.  He had a lisp due to having no teeth left.
  "That's us sir, we're here to help with your monster problem.  My name's Bydalo, we met in the city recently if you'll remember?"  Bydalo said back, trying to be polite.
  "What? I don't have a monster problem"  The old man replied, seeming irritated.
  "Oh, but I met you in a pub called The Crusty Pantaloons and you told me you needed someone to help with a monster problem on your farm!"  Bydalo exclaimed with confusion.
  The rest of the group collectively rolled their eyes.  This was almost exactly what they had expected.
  "No, young man I don't think I did.  I would remember."
  "Are you sure?  I definitely remember speaking to you.  You are quite old you know, and sometimes old people get a bit forgetful."  Some of Bydalo's polite affectation had fallen away.  Actually, all of it had.
  "Yes I'm sure!  Now get yourself off my farm before I get my dogs out on you!  Forgetful... honestly..."  With that the indignant old fool slammed his door.
  Bydalo was shocked.  He had expected a successful first mission and payment.  Now what? He needed the money!
  He knocked on the door again, thinking to ask the man if he knew anyone around who needed help.  The man opened the door more calmly this time and had a kind look on his face.  Bydalo's confusion multiplied.
  "Oh! hello there young man, how can I help you?"  He said in a soft voice.
  "Uh... I was just going to ask... if you knew anyone around here who needed help?"  Bydalo asked, going along with whatever was happening.
  "I'm afraid most of the farms 'round here have already got farmhands sorted my lad... although I may have something for you if you're up to a spot of light monster slaying?  I can pay well!"
  Bydalo couldn't really believe what had just happened.  The old man was definitely mad, but it seems he did have need of them after all.  
  "Definitely Sir, we'll help you.  What do you need us to do?"  Bydalo asked, keen to impress.
  The man explained to them that what he had meant with 'monster slaying' was actually that he had a rat problem in his basement.  Once again Bydalo's heart sank, and he wasn't sure how many more plot twists he could take.
  He turned to the others to explain and have a quiet word to see what they thought.
  "This is a joke isn't it?"  Brob grunted angrily.  "The mighty Brob, stronger than a giant, is to clear out some rats for an old farmer? Hmph!"  He stamped his foot.
  "Easy there Brob, this seems like quick money."  Rack added soothingly.  "If the ol' man has the dough that is.  I don't mind doin' some pest control"
  Now it was Trufty who spoke.  "Rats may be of no consequence to us, Sir Brob, but to this old man they may be anathema. I say we help him immediately!"
  "Rats?"  The old man exclaimed, having overheard them.  "No young 'uns these aren't just rats they are Giant Rats.  Nasty critters, it's been a long time since I could deal with them.  They've been in my basement for a few weeks.  They're gonna get my treasure I know it!"  
  Now everybody joined the confusion.  What treasure could this old idiot be talking about, and how could rats steal it?
  "What do you say everyone?  I think we need this job too much to say no."  Bydalo said, hoping that by being more democratic he would encourage Brob.
  "I'll do it."  Rack simply said.  As soon as Rack agreed, Brob changed his tune.
  "Aye come on lads let's smash 'em!  It'll be great fun.  Ho, farmer, have you got any weapons?  Anything heavy will do for me."  Brob chuckled excitedly.
  The old man nodded and shuffled inside for a moment, bringing out one short sword that had definitely seen better days.  He then retreated again and began dragging something that sounded heavy indeed back to the door.
  "Hahaa! That's mine!"  Brob cheered as he saw that the farmer had brought out a huge mallet, probably used for knocking fence posts into the ground.  Brob hoisted it easily with both hands and did some practice swings.  It looked like a large toy in his hands, he moved it with such ease.
  "Why don't you take the sword Rack.  I'll see what I can find."  Bydalo motioned towards the old blade and began looking around the building for something to improvise a weapon from.
  After a little while he returned to the rest with some straight, heavy branches that could be used as clubs.  He handed one to Smim, who looked as though he'd hoped to get away without touching a weapon.  Bydalo kept the better one for himself.
  "Excuse me?"  Sephra said.
  "What?"  Bydalo asked.
  Sephra harrumphed and stalked off around to where Bydalo had just come from.  Bydalo's confusion was cleared up soon after when Sephra returned with a slightly smaller but equally effective clubbing stick.
  "Ohhhh, sorry Sephra I didn't think you'd want to fight!"  Bydalo felt stupid.  He hadn't meant to patronise her.
  Sephra seemed to take no offense.  "Bog Street girls always get stuck in."  She replied, giving her club a test swing and looking worryingly familiar with the improvised weapon.
  Now that they were all armed, after a fashion, they asked the farmer to show them to the basement entrance and then enquired about staying the night.  He lead them to the rear of the house where there were two wooden doors at an angle, leading into a tunnel below the building.  They didn't open the doors yet, as they were blockaded with old furniture and tools, and they didn't want the rats escaping during the night.
  The old man then took them into his house and showed them some floor space where they could sleep.  Despite the house being a mess that the octogenarian had definitely not been cleaning for at least a decade, it was still a big improvement on the headquarters building, and everybody got some decent rest.


________________


CHAPTER 4
AN HONEST DAY'S LABOUR WORKS WONDERS
  "Awake, companions!  We darlings of lady justice have noble works to be doing!"  Trufty announced, several hours before anybody with a modicum of humanity would choose to rise.  He sprang to his feet at the window and laid a hand across his chest, drawing a long and invigorating breath through his nose as though he was trying to inhale the lambent flare of the dawn as it broke over the horizon.
  Smim woke with a start.
  "Wha... Mummy?  It's not time for my schooling yet is it?  Just let me sleep..."  He mumbled from behind the warmth of his home made blanket.
  Bydalo and Sephra couldn't agree more, though they both grudgingly realised it was probably sensible to get up early and get started.
  Surprisingly, Brob and Rack weren't around.  Bydalo rose and stretched, shivering slightly as he morosely left his own blanket.  it had about as many holes in it as the average Bog Street corpse, but it was better than nothing.
  He wandered towards the front door, meaning to go outside and answer nature's call, but before he reached the portal he heard chuckling and lowered voices from what he assumed to be the recreational space of the old man's house.  This must be where Brob and Rack were, although what they were up to was anybody's guess.  It definitely didn't seem like them to be up and about this early.
  Bydalo managed to get out half of a 'what's going on?' before he heard the clink of glass and a belch, and the situation became miraculously clear as though he had the gift of clairvoyance.  You're not technically up early if you never went to bed.
  "... And then I says to her, I says, look sweet-bun if you want to work on my farm you better be ready for some serious ploughing!"  The old man said, slurring slightly as he finished off a story which Brob and Rack must have found hilarious, as they were both on the verge of tears.
  "Ahem!" Bydalo announced.  "That's a lovely story from your youth mister..."  He paused as he realised he didn't know the man's name.  oh well, never mind.
  "... Ahem might I borrow my associates for a moment?"  He finished awkwardly, trying to give Brob and Rack a meaningful look which they might see through the haze of tears and eyes creased with laughter.
  "Youth, boy?  No boy, that was last month!"  The old git laughed to himself and brought another uproar from Brob and Rack, who began clapping the man on the shoulder like he was a conquering hero.
  Bydalo wasn't convinced.  The old sod had probably forgotten about sixty years of his life and thought he was still in the prime of middle age.
  A new voice joined the conversation, sounding distinctly unimpressed.
  "You think that's an appropriate way to talk to a lass in look of work do you?"  Sephra berated, storming into the room in that way that reminded Bydalo of a tornado.  Not that he'd ever seen a tornado, but he'd heard about them.
 Rack instantly sat up smartly, like a boy who's been caught pinching something.  Not exactly a rogue-like response.  Brob continued laughing, taking no notice of Sephra as he clutched his stomach.  Both of them were obviously still pissed, no doubt due to the cluster of special home brew flasks around their feet, which Rack now glanced sheepishly at.
  "C'mon now Sephra, we were just jokin' around.  Don't take no offense where there's none meant"  He cooed, regaining some of his usual swagger.  Bydalo couldn't believe how a man could go from sheepish to smouldering in such a short time, and while drunk too.  damn him.
  "Yeeee c'mon girl, come and sit next to ol' Beetroot!"  The old man crowed.
 Beetroot?  seriously?  what had gone wrong in his life, Bydalo wondered.
  "You just stay here with me while these fine boys are clearing out my basement.  I'll see that you don't get bored now missy!"  Beetroot said in what he thought to be a flirtatious and enticing voice.  Sephra's eyes blazed with the fury of a thousand colliding stars and she delivered a nasty kick to the dodgy old pervert's shin.  The old man howled and rubbed at his now throbbing leg bone, and Sephra brushed her hair out of her face in a way that reminded the others of a cat cleaning itself.
  "I think that's all the entertainment I need for now."  She added with a cocky smile, having vented her anger.
  Brob laughed yet again and stood to clap her on the shoulder, his heavy paw making her knees buckle slightly.  It was as this was unfolding that Trufty joined them in the recreational room.
  "Sephra!"  He exclaimed, faking wrath and making up for the lack of a middle and last name to brandish at her by sounding as matronly as possible.  His visage softened and took on a sort of cheeky look.  
  "Normally when a gentleman makes unwanted advances on us we slap them in the face not wound their shin!"  He finished, giving her a soft tap on the shoulder.
  "GUYS, PLEASE!"  Bydalo interrupted.  Or tried to interrupt.  Nobody seemed to care too much amongst the broken out chatter.  
  "Remember we're here to do a job and get PAID?"  As usual the mention of money snapped them out of it, and the gang rose to their feet (Brob and Rack wobbling slightly) and began to collect themselves for the coming work.
  They gathered outside the doors to Beetroot's basement and started shifting the obstacles that the old man had put there to prevent the rats from escaping, with Brob flinging the objects much further away than necessary with his burly arms.  After a short while only an old rusty chain with a simple lock held the doors shut, and they all took a step back to have a breather before breaking the final seal to the gates of hell.  Clearly they were not very fit, and Bydalo took a mental note that they might have to do some form of training if they were to be successful in more challenging future jobs.
  "Right then Brob" Bydalo said between breaths.  "Smash the chain off with that mallet and lets get to it.  Smim, light a few torches and hand them out."  He ordered.
  Smim instantly began to sweat profusely.  He had neglected to mention that he'd never really had to light his own fires, and he didn't have any torches.  His worry must have shown on his face, because Sephra nudged him and gestured that he should follow her inside.  They returned after a few minutes carrying two lit torches each, Sephra looking quite amused at Smim's embarassment.
  "If there's giant rats in there boss, they must be pretty stealthy.  I ain't heard nothin' since we've been here" Rack pointed out.  Bydalo realised he was right, he hadn't noticed so much as a scratch or a squeak, which struck him as odd.  The basement to the dwelling couldn't be that big, and if there were lots of big monster rats in there, then surely they'd have heard something while they'd been dismantling the blockade?
  Before they had time to discuss it, Brob hefted his mallet and utterly destroyed the doors to the basement when he swung at the chain.  Beetroot seemed unconcerned and actually wandered off in the direction of his handsome sheep, content to trust the group after his excellent night's drinking with Brob and Rack.
  They were greeted with an unseemly blackness in the stairwell leading downwards, and a cold air had rushed out of the opening that Brob had smashed.  The air carried a nasty odour that made even Bog Street seem bearable.
  Bydalo's confidence wavered.  This wasn't quite as simple as he was expecting, but as he was supposed to be the captain he squared off his shoulders and held aloft his torch.
  "Right everyone it looks like there's room for us to go in two abreast, assuming we put someone skinny next to Brob.  Rack and I will go first and keep an eye out for anything suspicious.  Brob, you come next and be ready with that mallet.  Smim, stay with Brob and don't get eaten.  Sephra and Trufty, take the rear."  
  The command was followed by stifled laughter from Rack and Brob, and a completely serious 'yes sir' from Trufty as he began reverently unfurling his banner and drawing his heirloom sword.
  Everybody formed up, and Bydalo began the descent into the darkness.  Even with the torch it seemed that the basement was unnaturally dark, and the air had an oppressive feel to it.  He supposed his eyes simply hadn't adjusted to the darkness yet.  Evidently, neither had Smim's, as he heard the sound of someone tripping up, followed by a moan.
  There was still no sign or sound of rats, so they continued steadily forward.  They soon realised that this basement was definitely not normal and aside from some flagstones and wooden framework near the bottom of the stairwell it was more like a long natural tunnel boring into the earth and rock.  They stalked past Beetroot's old stores and barrels and continued into the dark.
  The sides of the tunnel were mostly damp rock, with patches of moss and a few mushrooms valiantly trying to grow here and there.  Occasionally, the rock seemed to blend into the soil further up, which was equally damp and had occasional roots poking out of it.  The floor was also rock, though the moss was a little thicker and made the footing a bit more reliable, and also softened their steps.
  As the group continued forwards they remained quiet as each member wondered to themselves what the hell kind of basement this was supposed to be.  Who had carved all this out?  Why?  Nothing was stored in this tunnel so it must have been transport to somewhere - but where?  For once, the gang was serious and had their focus on the job in hand.
  Bydalo held his torch aloft and turned a corner, and was shocked when the flickering light spilled across a crumpled form to find a human corpse propped against the side of the tunnel in a seated position.  The sight caused him to stop in his tracks and his blood run cold, and as Brob bumped into him and laid his eyes upon the body he gave an extremely uncharacteristic squeak which he quickly followed up with a gruff cough.
  "What is it? Rats?"  Rack hissed from bydalo's shoulder. .
  "Not yet.  There's... there's a dead body here though.  It looks kinda messed up now that I'm looking a bit closer and Brob has stopped panicking."  Bydalo replied, earning a shove from a very embarrassed Brob.
  "It looks like both of the arms are broken.  No, not broken, shattered actually!  And the chest is crushed.  I wonder what happened?  And why is this under Beetroot's house?  What in the name of Smim's overbearing nursery maid is that old man's secret?"  He continued.
  "Let me take a look" Said Rack, squeezing his large frame past Brob and casting his torch across the sitting corpse.
  It was at this moment that the gang heard a sudden scratching and scuffling coming from further down the tunnel in the blackness.  Their heads snapped up to peer into the dark, hairs standing on end and hands clutching tightly to weapons.  The sound became louder and louder, and it sounded as though something heavy was quickly approaching.  They could smell it now, the foul stench of rot and feces assaulting their noses as they waited.
  "Everybody get ready! Something's coming!" Bydalo managed to whisper, trying to sound like he knew what to do when really he was quaking in his boots.  Smim was screaming internally and trying his damn hardest not to wet his pants.  Even Trufty had white knuckles wrapped around his banner and his usual air of valour had dissipated.
  The sounds of shuffling drew closer and closer until it seemed like the monster must be almost upon them when suddenly, in the dim wavering edge of their torchlight... a few small dark shapes appeared.  The shuffling forms were the size of small dogs and had an extremely rat-like outline.
  The gang immediately unclenched and laughed nervously at their own anxiety.  The shuffling sound had simply been a few of the not-so-giant rats coming towards them in the dark!  It was amazing what the imagination could do to you in a cold wet tunnel underground.
  "By the hairs on my arse..." Brob exclaimed, releasing some tension.  "These are barely even giant rats!  Let's be having them then."  
  With that, he handed his torch to Smim and winked at Rack, taking his mallet in both hands with glee.
  "Go on then" Bydalo said, relieved to be facing rats rather than some underground horror.  "Get stuck in."
  Brob stepped forward, bringing his mallet downwards in a powerful underarm swing, shifting his weight through his hips and shoulders and delivering an almighty blow to the closest rat.  Bydalo couldn't have said what happened to the rat, as all he could make out in the low light and narrow space was a thud, a squeak, and the sounds of splattering giblets.  
  "Hah!" Piped Brob, quickly reversing his swing into a downward strike that smote another rat into a flattened black stain of fur and guts and twisted bone.  By now more rats were joining in on the action and Rack and Bydalo had begun laying into the little beasts.  Their fur was matted with filth, their beady red eyes seemed crazed, and their little claws were sharp enough to cause some damage if they got close.
  Smim was hopping around, somewhat terrified that a rat might touch him, but was protected from any would-be assailants that got past the front three by Sephra.  Her expertly wielded club quickly dispatched the rats, covering her with globs of gore.  
  After a few minutes of frankly easy slaughter, the horde seemed to die down and the gang had a chance to catch their breath.  Rack's old borrowed sword was completely slicked with rat bits, as was his clothing.  Bydalo and Brob were in a similar state, with Bydalo feeling queasy from the stench of it and the fact that he could feel the warmth of the blood against his skin not helping matters.  Brob seemed quite content at the rat genocide, and began trying to use his mallet to push the thick layer of mashed rat corpses to the sides of the tunnel to clear a path.  There'd be no sense in someone slipping over and getting hurt now, would there?
  "Is everything OK up front captain?  I was assaulted from behind by a few of these beasts, but I finished them."  Trufty called.  
"Nothing you're not used to then" Bydalo muttered.
Brob and Rack managed a small chuckle, although their sense of humour was somewhat deflated this time.
  "We're alive, but I would trade Smim's life for a bath right now" Bydalo responded, not even sure if he was joking.
  "Sir I-" Smim began, promptly being violently sick instead of finishing his sentence.  Sephra yelped and dodged out of the way, but then slipped in Brob's new pile of carrion and fell on her backside in the viscera.  She quickly got back to her feet and cursed.
  "THIS IS NOT WORTH THE MONEY."  She said angrily, looking down at her soaked clothing.
  "Don't speak to soon girl, look at this!" Rack said, crouching down to the dead man and locating a soft leather pouch.  He opened the drawstring to reveal a handful of gold coins.  Everybody's mood brightened at the sight, except for Trufty who was not concerned with baubles.  His reward was the knowledge of justice being served.
  "Hmm, alright then pass me a few of those coins so I can get new clothes and maybe I won't take my special brew and go home" Sephra said as she drew closer to Rack and the money.
  Bydalo cut in.  "Hang on! All loot and payment is divided equally after the job is done.  That's the rule Sephra."
  She didn't look too impressed.
  "Sir, what if this money belongs to Beetroot?"  Smim said between dry heaves.
  "If it was his, old Beetroot himself could have come down here for it.  I think he's given us enough of a run-around on this job that I don't care to be polite anymore, and if he asks, we won't tell him we found this money OK?  In fact, the old bastard can explain to us why there's a dead person down in his so-called basement, and why their chest looks like it's been smashed by a giant!"  Bydalo retorted, drawing approving looks from Brob, Rack and Sephra, who were in total agreement.
  "Anyway, it looks like the tunnel goes deeper, and as much as it pains me to say this I think we should carry on.  I don't want to get a reputation for leaving jobs half done, and if there are more rats down here then they'll breed their numbers back up soon enough."  He added, starting forwards again and picking his path through the deathly mess with extreme care.
  They travelled slowly forward for a while, encountering more pockets of rat resistance and becoming yet more filthy.  By now, their improvised weapons were stuck to their hands with the dried blood, and even Brob was beginning to feel nauseous.  The most violent fighter can only obliterate so many rats before feeling disgusted, and Rack and Sephra had already thrown up their breakfast.  Bydalo was close to hurling but felt that it was his duty as captain to be the last to do so, and was keeping his mouth firmly shut.
  "How much further?" Smim whined, sounding like he was on the verge of fainting.
  "Can't see past the torchlight lil' buddy" Rack responded from his position at the front.
  Bydalo was trying to mentally calculate how far into this tunnel they had come.  It seemed insane that this old man had this weird dungeon under his house and had failed to mention it - but then, the old man was insane, so that would explain it.  
  It seemed like they had possibly walked half a mile or more, slowly pacing forward in the dripping darkness.  There had to be some end to this tunnel soon, whether it be a wall or a cave or something!
  Moments later Rack called "I see something boss!  Looks like an archway.  I'll go check it out.  Man it stinks down here."
  The smell was worse than the pile of obscenity back at headquarters, although not as strong, as though it had been there long ago.
  "Right, everyone hold up and let Rack take a look.  Maybe try and clean yourselves off a bit or something in the meantime".  Bydalo said, to which everybody immediately sighed and sat down, casting their weapons aside.  Probably not the best idea when there might be more rats around, but Bydalo was not even remotely interested in instilling some discipline right now.
  The two stepped forward towards the archway that filled the tunnel, and had been carved out at some point.  The archway was not empty, having a very simple but sturdy wooden board that served as a door.  The board-door was locked by way of a large rusted chain that was attached to a bracket on the tunnel wall.
  "Brob, get up here, we require your particular skills." Bydalo ordered.  Brob had groaned upon hearing his name, but hopped to enthusiastically when he realised he was going to get to smash something.
  "Would you do us the honour of breaking this chain with that dainty little hammer of yours?"
  Brob threw a salute and a quick bicep flex.
  "Ready for the business captain!" He rumbled before taking up a powerful stance and lining up his mallet on the spot where the chain attached to the bracket.
  A moment later the rusted metal was in a pile on the floor, along with a chunk of rock from the wall and the splintered remains of the board-door.
  "Excellent work Brob.  Remind me never to ask for your help with dental problems."  Bydalo quipped before stepping into the archway for a look beyond.
  He and Rack raised their torches and were greeted with a small cave that could have only held about twice their number.  In the center of this dark space was a singular wooden chair that was rotten and had some patches of moss growing on it.  It was facing away from the archway.
  Bydalo looked closer and found that there were the remains of old ropes wrapped around the arms of the chair, and the base of the seat was stained a purplish brown colour.  Three guesses what that could have been.
  "I don't like this captain" Said Rack.
  "On the contrary Rack, this is fantastic.  I'm loving every minute of this job and I pray it never ends!"  Bydalo said back sardonically, his professionalism gone for the moment.  He was really quite disturbed by the implication of this chair, and of the corpse further back.
  "Somethin' fishy has been goin' on down here" Rack added most helpfully.
  "Excellent insight.  You should have been an investigator Rack, you'd have made a fortune"
  Rack turned to Bydalo with his torch.  In the dark, in this room, his handsome face now had a more intimidating look to it, and Bydalo thought he detected a little sadness in the eyes.  Maybe he'd hit a vulnerable spot with that one.
  "Sorry Rack... that was uncalled for.  I'm quite alarmed about this discovery, but on the bright side at least this means we can turn back and get the hell out of here."  Bydalo said, devouring as much humble pie as he could muster.  He wasn't too sorry though, Rack was tall and handsome and charismatic, but at least he had one inferiority!
  By now the others' curiosity had over-ridden their nausea and tiredness and they'd come for a look.  Trufty gasped and tutted dramatically, remarking on how the Order of the White Swan of Goldlilyhampton-on-blythe would never stand for such barbarity and injustice.  He alone didn't seem perturbed by the gore covering them all, merely trying to brush it off his clothing like a mild inconvenience.  He had done well keeping his banner pristine, and Bydalo was impressed with Trufty's composure even if his fighting hadn't been the greatest.
  Smim was visibly quivering, though whether that was due to fear or exhaustion, Bydalo didn't know.  He wasn't too interested in Smim's opinion anyway.
  Sephra whistled.  "Phew, I haven't seen a room this creepy in a few weeks!"  She said cheerfully.  She didn't seem anywhere near as concerned as Bydalo and Rack, and nobody dared ask about where she'd been a few weeks ago.
  "Looks like there's no more nice little bags of money here, can we go back up to the surface now?  I want to wash myself for a thousand years and get ruined on home brew"  Sephra continued.
  "You know, this is quite a huge mystery and we may be dealing with a psychopath farmer who possibly murdered and tortured people down here.  Is nobody interested in investigating further?"  Bydalo asked of the group.
  They all answered at once, their responses varying in words but the general meaning was quite a clear and resounding 'nah, not really'.
  "We ain't the town guard Captain, it's not our job.  Let's get our pay and get gone.  My stomach's rumblin' and my head's hurtin'"  Rack said, more to the group than to Bydalo despite his use of 'captain'.
  Everybody made quiet noises of agreement and started heading out of the small room, Trufty and Smim having an awkward moment as they both tried to go through the archway at the same time and ended up bumping face to face and knocking their heads together.  Trufty backed off and gallantly offered Smim passage.  Smim awkwardly spluttered and said 'no, after you, I insist' as he was already walking through.  Bydalo was really beginning to wonder if Smim's money and family ties were worth it, the lad was a complete imbecile.  He was also mildly irritated that the rest had taken Rack's statement as though it were an order, but he let it slide.  He agreed anyway, there wasn't much more to see in this room and it gave him the chills.  The sooner they saw sunlight again the better!


  The retreat from the 'basement' took quite a lot less time than the invasion, though they had to take great care at each pile of corpses and vomit.  As the sunlight coming into the tunnel drew closer, they were all relieved and started chatting amongst themselves - quite jovial despite all of the animal cruelty.  Bydalo was pleased that the group were getting along, though he'd have preferred if Sephra didn't get along quite so well with Rack.  Smim was bombarding Trufty with enthusiastic questions, with Trufty patiently trying to answer the tirade of boring inquiries.
  They came to the surface, everybody throwing away their clubs with glee, not thinking for a moment about the fact that the blood would likely attract wolves who would probably eat old Beetroot.  He had it coming anyway.
  Brob came to lay down his mallet with some other tools the farmer had leaning against the wall of his house.  The boulderous little strongman quivered his moustache and wiped his eyes as he reminisced on the good times he and the mallet had shared.  Rack laid a comforting hand on his shoulder, and placed the old sword next to the mallet.  Brob looked to Rack with admiration and sorrow.
  Bydalo raised an eyebrow but didn't question it.  Everyone had their quirks, he supposed.
  "Now then, where's Beetroot?"  He asked, scanning the area and  finding no sign.
  "No sign of him Sir, I'll check in the house."  Trufty said.
  Brob nudged Rack in the ribs and gave him a wink.
  "We'll see if he's got anything left to drink!"
  Rack looked slightly green around the gills but apparently was still up for it, falling in behind Brob and Trufty as they headed for the front door.
  They knocked, and then knocked again when they received no answer.  Brob called the old farmer's name and again there was no sign of him, so he gave the door handle a firm twist and pull.
  "Locked! There's a sign saying 'DO NOT DISTURB'.  Where's me mallet?" Brob chirped.
  "Hang on Brob! No breaking of private property now, come on.  I thought I heard something from the other side of the house so maybe Beetroot is round there."  Bydalo said, heading around the back of the house.
  The group heard the 'baa' of a handsome sheep and what they thought might have been the sound of a belt buckle.  What they saw next when they turned the corner and found Beetroot was possibly the most terrifying visage they had witnessed all day.  Forget bloody chairs in dark torture chambers.  Beetroot had his trousers round his ankles and his sagging and pimpled bottom was hanging out from under his ragged tunic.
  Smim vomited air.  Trufty recited some holy oath.  Rack and Brob chuckled.
  "Beetroot! What, by all the disease-ridden wenches in The Crusty Pantaloons, are you DOING?" Bydalo yelped.
  Beetroot spun his head in complete surprise, spluttering and coughing and trying to pull his pants up as fast as possible.  A few feet away a very handsome sheep was tied to a fence post, and Bydalo could have sworn there were tears of gratitude in it's eyes.
  "I don't think there's enough arse cream in Bog Street to fix that mess." Sephra said, half amused and half horrified.
  The old man's brain visibly cranked into motion to try and explain this scenario.
  "I, um, well Old Beetroot here, ya see he needed a second opinion on this here medical condition and well you young 'uns was still busy so I had to ask Greg here..." The farmer tried to explain.
  "BULLSH-" Brob began, before Bydalo cut him off.
  "Ahem, well.  I hope Greg recommended that you head into town and buy yourself a cart load of arse cream and sit in it for the next week.  I also hope that he reminded you that we've just come back from your 'basement' and have some questions.  The first being 'can we get our payment now?', and the second being 'WHY IS THERE A WEIRD TORTURE CHAMBER AND A DEAD GUY IN A TUNNEL UNDER YOUR HOUSE?'"  He demanded.
  "Don't know what you're talkin' about"  Beetroot replied, looking anywhere but at Bydalo and the group.
  "To which question?"
  "The first one.  The answer to that second one is that them rats is smarter than you think.  Did you get 'em?"  Beetroot said, sounding innocently as though he actually believed what he was saying.
  Bydalo spread his arms and looked with mock confusion and surprise over his utterly filthy clothing that was now drying in the sun and emanating a sickly metallic tang.
  "What do you think?  You promised me payment if we cleared your basement.  We've done that, so now you give us our money and we'll pretend that those were some really smart rats and everybody will go home and say nothing more."  He offered charitably.
  Beetroot wasn't about to make it easy for them.
  "I don't remember no rats or money.  Who are you people anyway?"  He mewled like a poor, infirm old man.
  Rack was fed up.  He stormed forward and picked up Beetroot by his collar, shoving his nose into the farmer's face.  Not too close though, he didn't want to catch anything.
  "Look here, old one.  We know you ain't nearly so forgetful as you want us to think.  Get us our money or there'll be trouble.  Maybe we'll even take a walk back down the basement, you understand me?"
  Bydalo was a little surprised by the sudden dark tone to Rack's normally buttery voice, but he was glad that the big man was taking on the role of enforcer.  He wasn't sure if he'd have been able to put this kind of pressure on Beetroot, even though the old git was some kind of psychopathic sheep botherer.
  Rack dropped Beetroot back onto his feet but maintained glaring eye contact.  The farmer was convinced that they were not going to leave him alone without their payment, so he shuffled over to the back door, unlocked it, and stepped inside.  He returned moments later with a wet leather pouch full of coins.  Why was it wet? nobody felt like asking.  Beetroot flashed them a smile full of holes.
  "Smim, count this up quickly and let's head home.  I'm hungry and I think I need to buy a whole new body because this one is forever going to stink of dead rat bits."  Bydalo ordered, tossing the fairly heavy pouch to Smim who caught it awkwardly in his stomach.
  The gang gathered like hungry wolves to watch the money being counted, except of course Trufty who was tending to Horace the horse, who was very dubious about their new scent.
________________


CHAPTER 5
AN ENCOUNTER WITH THE WRONG ARM OF THE LAW
    After the money was counted up (Beetroot had quite shockingly given them the full promised amount despite it being quite a large sum for the job) the team resigned themselves to the fact that they had a long and awkward walk home in their filthy clothing.  They headed away from the farm and back to the cart track winding it's way towards the town, engaging in a spot of tired and lazy conversation.  It had been an extremely strange couple of days.
  They had been walking for only a short while when they spotted a group of people coming their way.  They weren't far off, and it seemed that there were five of them, two being slighter and most likely female, the other three being large burly men.
  What next? Bydalo wondered silently.  He really couldn't be bothered with any more complications since he was tired and confused and desired a hot bath more than anything he'd ever wanted before.  Of course, that wasn't on the cards in the new HQ, but a man could dream.
  "Who do you think they are Sir?" Smim asked, annoyingly.  "Are they going to cause any trouble?"
  "How would I know, Smim?  I can see the same distant shapes of people that you can.  I'm not sure if you knew this, but I don't have an owl for a mother so I don't have superhuman vision"  Bydalo snapped back.
  "Fear not Captain, I shall hold high my banner and they shall give us the road!  All goodly folk respect the Order of The White Swan of Goldlilyhampton-on-blythe!" Trufty added, his air of gallant nobility now resumed.
  "You know, that might not be a bad idea actually.  They might just pass us by without asking ques- wait, no, we're all covered in blood.  Of course they're going to ask us questions.  Damnit... Brob! Rack! Just keep an eye out for trouble.  Sephra, any chance you could spare a bit of home brew in case we need to get 'diplomatic'?"
  Bydalo was slipping back into his role of command a little more comfortably.  He wished they had kept their improvised weapons - he hadn't thought about any dangers on the road home.
  "Sure" She replied "S'long as I get paid back what's mine.  As soon as we open a flask and not a minute later."
  "How much can I get with my share of the reward money?" Brob asked her with an uncharacteristically sweet look about his face, his eyelashes fluttering.
  "Enough to kill ye a few times over Brob, but I only have one flask left in 'ere.  I'll have to get brewing when we get home - if these ain't murderous thieves we're about to walk into." She answered, glancing in the direction of the far group.  Bydalo noted that she didn't sound or look too afraid, and he reminded himself that she had grown up on Bog Street.
  Rack and Brob started discussing how best to spend their money, apparently unconcerned by the approaching strangers.


  After several minutes the two groups were close enough to see the whites of each other's eyes.  Bydalo kept everyone walking forward resolutely, as though nothing out of the ordinary was happening and they weren't all painted red with gore.  The other group, however, halted at a hand signal from one of the female members.
  She was tall, slender, and had slightly messy brown hair that had been hurriedly tied up in a bun.  She did not look particularly threatening, or dangerous in a streetwise yet cute way like Sephra was, but there was an aura of authority and coldness around her, and she didn't seem like somebody to cross. 
  Her clothing was simple and pragmatic traveling gear that was well made and looked as though it had seen plenty of use, but had been extremely well cared for.  She wore an insignia on her polished and oiled leather jerkin, pinned just below the clavicle on her left side, which identified her as affiliated with the town guard.  That would be where her authority came from then.
  With her were three very generic looking town guardsmen, all wearing the cheapest mail armour that tight-pursed politicians could buy.  They showed no signs of discipline or professionalism, with their scruffy beards and blatant hangovers, and they were joking amongst themselves and taking swigs from wine flasks.  Much to the annoyance of their leader.
  Bydalo was piecing together information and thus far it seemed to him that the captain of the group was not a member of the town guard, but in fact an outsider brought in for their expertise.  She had likely been contracted for a more difficult mission and had then been stuck with the three chumps to help her. 
  The fifth member did not match up as she had no town guard gear or insignias, and had until now been happily skipping along with the group, investigating flowers and trees and pointing out birds and sheep with glee.  She was quite a bit shorter than Sephra, but on her back was the pack of an experienced traveller, with a flowery bedroll wrapped around an unstrung bow.  By her belt hung a quiver of arrows, each tipped with high quality matching white feathers.  What seemed most unusual was that her face was expertly made up like one of the beautiful cherubic women of the court, and her hair was a glorious blonde mane with girly plaits on one side.
  A Ranger?  Bydalo wondered.  He had wanted a ranger for the group... But this one didn't look like she'd have the strength to actually use her bow!


 The gang drew nearer to the captain of the guardsmen and stopped.  She had obviously been waiting for them to reach her, and had been reading from a notebook while she waited.
  "Halt!"  She demanded in a firm voice that reminded Bydalo of a scholar he had once heard dictating lessons on the street.  She raised one hand with the palm facing towards them to indicate that they should stop, while the other hand held the notebook that she continued to scan-read furiously.
  The blood-covered adventurers all glanced at each other with bemused, nervous expressions.  They'd already halted before she spoke.
  The guardsmen looked as though this was nothing unusual, but they definitely smirked and muttered under their breath, trying to stifle laughter.
  "I am acting Captain Esmeldrana, I..."  She began, quickly pausing to look back down at her notebook.  "I am leading an investigation into reports of missing persons and suspected homicidal activity in this region."
  Another quick consultation of the notes.
  "You are required by the authority of the town guard to submit yourselves to this investigative body"  She finished, carefully folding the notes and looking far more serious than the guardsmen and the ranger.
  Beaming from ear to ear, the ranger squealed and clapped.
  "Ooh Ezzy, isn't this exciting!  I'm so glad Daddy arranged for me to come on this mission.  I just know we're going to find the nasty criminal murderers and be heroes!  Just wait til Sahana and Jemira hear about this, they're going to be, like, so jealous!"
  Her positivity and excitement was making Bydalo feel far more nauseous than the dead rats ever could, and acting Captain Esmeldrana's face showed similar feelings of disgust.  Smim on the other hand looked absolutely enchanted, as though he was graced with a vision of an angel.
  Esmeldrana rounded off on the ranger, leaning over to make uncomfortably close eye contact.
  "Arissa, you will refer to me as Captain or Esmeldrana only.  You may have been sent here by 'Daddy' and see this all as a fun day trip into the woods, but this is in fact a highly important investigation on behalf of the crown.  People have died, Arissa.  Died."  She lectured, repeating the key word to try and impress upon Arissa some sense of seriousness.
  Brob made a 'pff' noise which everybody understood to mean 'so?'.  Rack gave him a sharp elbow in the ribs and a meaningful look to try and shut him up.
  "Ain't no use in upsetting the law buddy.  They ain't nearly so righteous as they make out"  He whispered.  Good advice, Bydalo thought.
  Arissa the ranger made a childish face at Esmeldrana's back as the Captain turned away.
  Bydalo decided it was time to establish himself as the leader of the group and make contact with the investigator.
  "Ahem, excuse me Captain Esmeldrana.  My name is Captain Bydalo, and this here is my team of adventurers for hire.  Now, you may be wondering why we're all covered in blood..."  He began, but was abruptly cut off.
  "BLOOD!  Aha! a confession!  Seize these murderers at ONCE!"  Esmeldrana commanded thunderously, a vein pulsating in her forehead.
  "Hang on, hang on!  Aren't you going to give us a chance to explain?"  Bydalo tried to say, though the guardsmen had already drawn their swords and were advancing menacingly forwards, aiming themselves understandably towards Brob and Rack.
  Trufty was the only one among them with a weapon, his old heirloom sword.  Bydalo guessed he was unlikely to draw it against so-called men of the law, and so it seemed they had no option but to submit.
  "Don't fight.  We'll get this cleared up."  He said, trying to sound calm and in control.
  The guardsmen had them line up and stand with their hands together, held out in front of them so that they may be bound.
  "Arissa, fasten rope around each of the murderer's wrists so that they can't attack us."  Esmeldrana ordered while she scribbled notes.  "And will one of you guardsmen secure that mangy old horse?"
  Trufty looked utterly appalled.
  Arissa excitedly removed her pack and started tugging out lengths of expensive-looking cord.  Daddy must have paid for her to have all the best gear.
  Bydalo noticed that she had various trinkets tied to or stitched onto her pack and her clothing, in a similar way to Sephra, except that Arissa's were much more girly and expensive.
  "Put extra on the big one and the small one.  I don't want to take any chances."  Esmeldrana added, meaning Rack and Brob.
  "Not too tight now Darlin', I need my hands."  Rack rumbled with a cocky smile, although Arissa seemed to ignore him as she began enthusiastically wrapping the cord around Rack's extended wrists.  Rack seemed, for the first time since Bydalo had met him, to lose a little of the wind from his sails.  It must have been rare that a woman was immune to his charms.
Despite her girly persona, she definitely knew what she was doing with the knots and she finished up Rack's bindings with an elaborate bow.
  "There's no rope in the world that can hold me" Brob said confidently as she stepped in front of him.
  "Silly man! This is the most expensive rope in town, it's, like, made from dragon nipples the merchant told me.  Not even a giant could break it."  Arissa said, never lifting her eyes from her rapid work.  Brob harrumphed and tested the bindings as soon as they were complete.  She wasn't wrong.
  Her next victim was Smim, who looked to be quivering with excitement and momentarily forgetful of their situation.  He looked anywhere but into Arissa's eyes, and stammered something about 'hello' as she approached.
  He noticed that she was wearing a pretty necklace that was set with a large clear crystalline object in its center, and chose to use this as an icebreaker.
  "That's a novely lecklace you've g-got..." He said, almost sounding like he wasn't sure if was allowed to speak to her.
  The rest (guardsmen included) cringed silently and braced themselves for the brutality of a flat out rejection, but it never came.  Arissa instead became yet more excited and started rambling on about her jewellery.
  "Oh! I'm glad you noticed, do you believe in healing crystals too?  I got this one from a fortune teller in the main market place.  She knew loads about how to use magic crystals for mending wounds and for telling the future and all sorts of things.  She said she could do me a really good deal on a handful of different crystals that I wouldn't find anywhere else so I spent all of my allowance on them last month!"  She wittered.
  Bydalo thought he knew the woman she spoke of.  Smim had pointed her out excitedly one day, but Bydalo had slapped down his hand and chastised him for his gullibility.  It was all a load of rubbish.
  She continued.  "I haven't actually healed anything or seen the future yet, but I know it works because the magic lady said that her psychic powers told her that I came from a wealthy background and that my daddy must be someone in a position of responsibility!  Can you believe that?  She told me that I might struggle at first but if I keep practicing I'll have those powers too..."
  She chatted constantly for the minute or so it took to tie Smim's wrists together.  Everybody else grew rapidly tired of her cheerful monologue, but Smim was listening raptly, a strange expression on his face that lay somewhere between pure joy and zombie-like stasis.
  Esmeldrana finally had enough.
  "Arissa!  Stop talking to the suspects about your useless crystals and get on with it!  If we can get back to town in a couple of hours with the murderers in custody then I'll be sure to secure a detective position with the town guard."  For the first time, her serious grimace creased into a slightly more wistful grimace.
  "Captain... We're not murderers, you've got the wrong people! I've told you we're adventurers and we've just finished a job for a local farmer.  He can confirm our story!"  Bydalo cut in while Arissa was tying Sephra's wrists.
  "Nonsense.  I've read reports of several murders and sounds of muffled screaming that all have heard in the area with the 'handsome sheep'.  The murders are expected to have been carried out in a hidden torture dungeon, or some similar psychotic venue, as nobody has seen anything.  You are in the area, you are all stained with blood, and by the looks of it have disposed of your murder weapons.  You are caught red handed, quite literally."  She responded.  Every time she spoke it was like being sermonised by an old school mistress who you didn't really think was in the right.
  "Just ask the damn farmer! He's only a little ways up the road! He's a crazy old sheep botherer but he'll tell you!  He hired us to slay some giant rats in his basement and instead we found a dead body and a creepy chamber with a chair in it! He's probably the one you want come to think of it!"  Bydalo said, only now making the colossal academic leap of adding one and one together to make two.
  "I've 'eard some weak alibis in my time Captain, but this has got to be the worst yet!"  Said one of the burly guardsmen to Esmeldrana.
  "Yes, indeed... guardsman."  She vaguely responded, not listening very closely as she wrote further notes.  The man looked irritated that she didn't know his name and hadn't really listened to him.
  "He's telling the truth you dumb harpy!"  Sephra suddenly said with a raised voice.  Her patience was finally pushed to the limit.
  "Get off me..." She said to Arissa, shoving her lightly towards Trufty as her bindings were finished.  
  The guardsmen drew their swords again as Sephra stepped in the direction of Esmeldrana, and held them with the points touching Sephra's chest and holding her in position.
  "Go and look in that damn sheep shagger's 'basement' you'll see!  There's a dead guy in there, sitting against the wall!"
  Esmeldrana considered this for a moment.
  "If that is the case, why have you not reported this to the authorities?"
  Sephra looked totally dumbfounded and angry.
  "Erm... Like we're doing right now?  When exactly did you give us a chance to say anything before now?"
  The men on both sides of the encounter sensed some rising tensions and braced themselves for what could become a vicious screeching match.  Guardsman and adventurer alike glanced at each other with the expression of someone about to be kicked between the legs.
  "Do NOT take that tone with me.  I represent the authority of the town guard and you appeared near the supposed crime scene showing evidence of being involved in violent activity.  I have followed all regulations thus far and am required to remind you that any action taken against us will be treated as a confession of guilt"  Esmeldrana said tersely.
  "Undo these bindings, I'll show you violent activity you stuck up posh girl!  We've got nothin' to do with these murders but if you're gonna take us in anyway then I might as well add your death to the list of charges!  We don't take this kind of crap on Bog Street!"  Sephra growled through clenched teeth, gesturing aggressively with her bound hands.
  The argument escalated as Esmeldrana's professional facade broke down under Sephra's onslaught, and gradually it got more and more personal until Trufty finally decided enough was enough.
  "LADIES PLEASE!"  He shouted, stamping his foot in the usual Trufty way.  "This will get us nowhere!  Captain Esmeldrana, please accept my apologies on behalf of our companion.  It's been a strange day and we're all tired.  She was speaking the truth about our quest to slay the rats of the old farmer - you have my word as a Knight of The Order of The White Swan of Goldlilyhampton-on-blythe."
  "You're a Knight of The Order?"  One of the guardsmen said incredulously.
  "Well, technically no, not yet, but my father was and I shall follow in his righteous footsteps in service of all good folk.  I intend to make my application in a year.  That horse you're detaining is my noble steed, Horace!"  He replied, showing no sheepishness.
  Esmeldrana mentally brushed herself off and calmed down, regaining her composure.
  "Yes... well... Thank you Sir but I am afraid I am simply following procedure and it is out of my hands.  You will have to make your case to the magistrate when you are brought before him."  She said.
  Smim suddenly remembered something.
  "Captain Esmeldrana m'lady!"  He said, bowing awkwardly due to his bound wrists.  "I have been writing our travels down in notes which you will find in my pack!  Perhaps that will convince you of our story?"  His voice sounded desperate and afraid.
  They all expected Esmeldrana to continue ignoring them, but it seemed that Smim's mention of note-taking was just the magic word they needed.  She immediately became interested in their tale.
  "Gaurdsman... Please bring me the notes from that suspect's pack.  I shall review them before making any further decision."


  A few moments of reverant note reading later, Esmeldrana made to hand the papers back to Smim before remembering that his hands were tied together.  Flustered, she stuck them awkwardly under the strap of his pack.
  "Excellent... excellent notes.  It would seem that your story is either pre-fabricated, or it is indeed true.  I feel now that it is my duty to confirm either way before taking you in, and so we shall go to this farm and speak to this 'Beetroot' immediately."
  Smim beamed, he hadn't received praise for a very long time and potentially rescuing the group felt brilliant.
  "My crystals say... they're innocent!"  Arissa chirped brightly.  At least the gang had one thing going for them.
  "Guardsmen, escort the suspects and follow on.  Captain Bordilio, you will accompany me to show us the way to the farm."  Esmeldrana ordered.
  Bydalo decided it wasn't worth the hassle to correct her pronunciation while things were going slightly more in their favour, so he acknowledged and stayed quiet.
  They set off back in the direction they'd come, walking awkwardly due to their bindings and the straps of their packs sliding down their shoulders from time to time.  Esmeldrana would hear nothing of removing the rope from their wrists.
  When they reached the farm, it was deathly quiet.  Beetroot was no longer outside and the sheep must have removed their grass chewing to somewhere out of sight.  For no reason at all, the place now felt sinister and shady, where before it had seemed like a perfectly normal old farm.
  Esmeldrana bade one of her men join her in a quick inspection of the house, heading for the front door.  They knocked, but the door was not latched and it creaked inwards ominously.  Where was Beetroot when you finally needed him?  Probably out chasing sheep, Bydalo thought with a silent grin.
  The captain and the guard stepped carefully into the house, the guardsman readying his hand upon his sheathed sword just in case there was trouble.  As they turned into Beetroot's little hall a floorboard creaked, and Esmeldrana briefly yelped before quickly trying to cover it with a cough.
  "Captain?" One of the outside guards called, not sounding quite as concerned as a professional probably should.  "What's going on?"
  "I'm not sure."  Came her reply.  "All seems quiet and ordinary in here."
  Bydalo could sense their alibi slipping away if Esmeldrana decided that this was enough of a search.
  "Perhaps, Captain, you should check the 'basement' that we cleared for the old man?  There's plenty of evidence down there to look at."  His stomach lurched as he remembered the mess and the stench.


After a brief period of vomiting and investigating, Esmeldrana dragged Bydalo back out of the basement and into the sunlight.  The guardsmen, who had been chatting amiably with Brob and Rack, quickly quietened and stifled chuckles when they saw their Captain's expression.  They had heard the echoing of retches and splashes emanating up from the basement.
  "Well Captain Bradilimo, it appears that your alibi may have some merit but..."  She paused to burp uncomfortably, the acidic smell of her vomit-breath reaching Bydalo's nostrils.  His stomach would have turned yet again, but it seemed to have given up the fight altogether at this point.
  "... But unfortunately you and your associates remain persons of interest and as such are required to come in for questioning.  Now, if you'll give me your word that you will come quietly, I will have your bonds removed."  She finished
Bydalo was pretty confident of his own word, and Smim would never have the guts to do anything silly.  Trufty would probably rather fall on his sword than break his word, and to the law no less.  Rack, Brob and Sephra?  he could only pray.
  "You can trust us Captain Esmeldrana, we are aspiring to be professional adventurers.  We're the good guys, just like you"  He proclaimed, thinking he'd sound convincing but instead feeling suddenly as though he was ten years old again.  The hungover guardsmen were certainly looking at him like he was ten years old.
They returned to the rest of the adventurers with Arissa, whose curiosity was so palpable that Bydalo was reminded of a dog who was just informed that there might be biscuits around here somewhere.  When Esmeldrana commanded her to remove the bonds from the group, she went to Smim to begin untying the expert knots she had placed earlier.
  "Hello again!  Hold still a moment and I'll have this untied.  This hitch is one of my favourite knots because it's secure, but if you know what you're doing you can undo it fast in an emergency!  I had to use it once when I was halfway up a mountain face."  She chattered, with Smim listening in awe yet again.
Within seconds she had set him free.  As she turned to move onto Sephra, Smim tried to ask her something about her healing crystals, but his confidence faltered so badly (if it had ever existed in the first place) that he was barely audible, and she didn't hear.  Sephra, however, noticed his meek attempt with an embarrassed smile and raised her eyebrows at him patronisingly.
  "That one there wants to put you in a pretty pink dress and marry you I reckon"  She said brazenly to Arissa, nodding her head in Smim's direction.  Smim's face immediately exploded with red heat and he felt dizzy.
  "Eww!  I hate dresses!  They are so difficult to run and climb in, and they never have any pockets on them.  How am I supposed to collect bird's eggs and wild plants and fairy bones without pockets?"  Arissa replied, ignoring Smim.  It seemed that rangering, hair plaits, and magic crystals were the only things she was interested in.  Sephra chuckled, more because of Smim's embarassment than Arissa's response.  It was for his own good, she thought.
  Moving swiftly on, Arissa untied Rack, who didn't bother trying to charm her this time.  He almost felt as though he was going through a personal crisis - here he was, roguish adonis with a voice like warm honey and abdominal muscles like a cobbled road, and yet she was immune!  His rugged and stubbly face looked introspectively into the middle distance.
  As she turned to Brob, she found him looking somewhat bashful, which was a very rare occurrence for Brob.  He had somehow twisted up his bindings so that she couldn't easily undo the knot.
  "Ahem... good rope that missy!"  Was his way of saying 'sorry, I tried to escape'.
  "Silly!  I told you it was the best rope in town!  Now I have to cut it short because of you.  Oh well, maybe I can use some shorter pieces for tying gear onto my pack or something."  She rambled, conjuring up a huge knife from somewhere about her person and deftly slicing Brob's bonds apart.  As quickly as it had appeared, the knife was concealed again.
  Finally, she came to Trufty, who had been waiting patiently and standing at attention as though preparing for inspection.  His perfect discipline was lost on Arissa, who started remarking about his lovely antique sword and gorgeous hair.  She wished to plait it.
  "Do you think it would make me look more noble?  I've thought about it, most of the knights wear their hair much shorter so that it cannot be grabbed during combat with the forces of evil, but where is the glory in a boring hairstyle?  We knights are more than just soldiers, we are heralds of triumph and valour!  Models of gallantry and honour!"  He said, running a newly-freed hand through his normally beautifully cared for mane, carefully teasing out knots where rat-blood had congealed.
  "Noble and cute!"  She squeaked, clasping her hands together against her chest as though cradling a pet hamster.  Trufty slapped her playfully on the shoulder.
  "You are just too lovely!  We should do it when I get this horrid blood washed out!"
  Arissa expertly coiled the various lengths of 'dragon nipple' rope and placed them in her pack, then skipped with joy back over to the Captain to inform her that everyone was untied and ready to go. 
As they all set off back towards town, the girly ranger, Captain Esmeldrana, and one unlucky guardsman led the group from the front while the remaining two guardsmen brought up the rear, hands on their swords in case anybody tried anything stupid.
________________
 
CHAPTER 6
A BRIEF STAY IN A LUXURIOUS, WELL-PLUMBED HOTEL
  Shortly after they set off, Rack was the first to speak.  Quietly.
  "So Captain, what's the story?  I'm guessin' these law keepers ain't escorting us back to town just to make us feel safe..."  He mumbled covertly.
  "No, they aren't.  They wanted to arrest us, but when Esmeldrana saw the crime scene she decided that maybe our alibi checked out, though apparently she has to take us in for questioning just to be sure"  Bydalo whispered back.  "I promised we'd go quietly if she untied us, so don't do anything stupid OK?"
  Brob heard this exchange, and loudly blurted out:
 "BUT WE'RE INNOCENT!"
  Esmeldrana halted the troop and rounded on Brob, peering down her nose at him.
  "That is to be determined by the local magistrate.  It is out of my hands at this point.  I recommend that you use this time to silently think about your story and prepare to present your case"  She admonished.  Brob looked unimpressed and met her stare with intensity, his jaw jutting up at her proudly as his tremendous shoulder muscles flexed angrily.
  "I don't need no magistrate to tell me what I done or ain't done!"  He harrumphed as she turned to start marching onward.
  "Relax, sir Brob.  We know that we are innocent and Lady Justice shall, in her eternal wisdom, recognise that.  We must all respect her wishes."  Trufty piped up from behind.
  Sephra was not impressed with his speech.
  "Yeah, sure Trufty.  This magistrate is definitely not gonna be one of them corrupt bribe-takers.  They're all honourable types is what I hear"  She said with the cynicism of a true Bog Street native.
  "He'll probably have us swingin' from the gallows by this time tomorrow, just to get our case finished with in time for dinner..."
  Suddenly, a bell rang in Bydalo's head.
  "Magistrate... Hang on, Smim isn't your dearest daddy a magistrate?  Maybe he'll be the one judging us.  I'm not above using nepotism to get out of this."
  "Um... well... I don't know if father would be able to do that... He might lose his position if he was seen to be bending the rules for his son... and I don't think he'll be very happy to see me"  Smim stammered, looking as though he was now being sentenced to spend the rest of his life cleaning toilets using only his tongue, rather than the comparatively easy escape of death.
  "SILENCE!"  Came another command from Esmeldrana.  "You will all walk in total silence from now on, or I shall be forced to rebind your hands and use anything you say as evidence against you"
  As she said this, she threateningly pulled out her precious notebook, staring at each of them as if daring them to speak.  For a few moments there was an awkward silence and shuffling of feet.
  "Oooh, So your daddy works in government too?  My daddy tells people whether they're allowed to build new houses or not!"  Arissa chirruped.  "He makes a lot of money from it, although he does seem to have quite a lot of spare time... He's always meeting with friends in our house and doing deals though!"
  Esmeldrana's face turned white and her eyes bulged with contained rage.  Bydalo could see where a vein was popping so violently from her brow that it cast it's own shadow.
  She roughly shoved her notebook back into a pocket and grabbed Arissa by one shoulder, turning her to face the front and marching her off before the girl had another chance to speak.


  Walking in depressed and tired silence, the group made for home.  After several hours of passing curious and bewildered farmers and travellers, they trudged through the main gate of the city and headed for the courts of law, coming eventually to the ominously dark and moist jails.
  As they arrived, they were greeted by a man that Bydalo assumed must be the jailor, judging by his appearance.  He looked like every jailor in every story he'd ever heard - colossally obese, covered in boils and spots, and below his malicious black eyes there were splotches where he had failed to hit the target while eating.  He was wearing soiled and ragged leather clothing with a simple belt that held a large ring of keys, presumably to the many horrible cells inside.  In his left hand was a very simple wooden club which he carried so naturally that it seemed an extension of his arm.
  "What we got 'ere stick woman?"  He grunted to Esmeldrana, apparently recognising her.
  She kept her distance from him, clearly repulsed by the large slob of a manbeast.
  "This group of six has been reprimanded outside the city, loitering in the area of reported serial murders.  I, acting Captain Esmeldrana, have personally checked their alibi and found that there is reasonable cause to believe that they may be telling the truth.  I have, however, brought them in to be questioned by the magistrate to ascertain their innocence or guilt."  She announced officially, as though reciting from her notebook.  Bydalo noticed that her hand compulsively went to the pocket where the notebook sat.
  "They'll be stayin' the night in my 'hotel' then?"  The jailor replied with his beetle-like eyes narrowing nastily and a grin spreading across his meaty lips.
  "Affirmative, and the horse will need to be stabled nearby.  I will inform the magistrates that they are here and they will likely be questioned in the morning.  These people are to be presumed innocent, do you understand me?"  Esmeldrana said, sounding firm this time.
  The jailor's face showed disappointment as he grunted his confirmation.  Bydalo didn't want to know what the manbeast would do if they had been presumed guilty.
  With that, Esmeldrana bid them good day and took off with her guards, heading for the much neater building next to the jail.  The jailor motioned for them to follow him, and they went through the heavily reinforced main door of the jail into the gloom within.
  He grabbed a torch from the wall and held it in his scabby right hand, leading them along narrow corridors full of cells.  Though they were not bound and there were six of them to his one, nobody considered trying to run away.  In reality he jailor had no chance of keeping up with them, but escape somehow seemed impossible anyway.
  As they trudged past the cells, they were sometimes greeted with rude words, grasping hands, or gobs of spit from within the darkness.  The first few times it happened they jumped back in horror, but they quickly got used to it.
  Sometimes the jailor would use his club to rattle the barred cell doors with a chuckle, just to antagonise the prisoners.


  After some minutes they reached an open cell that was a little larger than the others, so that there was room for multiple occupants.  There were no beds, only a simple wooden bench at either side of the room, each of which could have held three or four of them sitting upright but would provide space for only two to be sleeping off the floor.  In the middle of the cell was a basic hole in the floor.
  Something about this cell reminded Bydalo far too much of their headquarters on Bog Street.  Maybe it was the pit of indescribable obscenity?  Maybe it was the fact that they'd be spending another terrible night sleeping on the floor?  maybe it was the aura of crushing depression that the place gave off.
  "In."  Commanded the jailor.  He was a manbeast of few words.
  They obediently filed into the cell, Brob pushing through and plonking himself down on a seat before anyone else.  Smim was left to awkwardly squeeze himself between Rack and Brob's large frames, looking guilty the whole time.  After they were all sat, the jailor slammed the bars shut with a deep and cold ringing sound that had a very fatal feel to it.  He disappeared up the corridor, humming completely out of tune to himself.
  "I knew I should've stayed in me shop.  Day two and we're in here!  Ma, if you could see me now... I should've listened..."  Sephra lamented aloud, looking at their surroundings in frustration.
  "I'm hungry."  Brob said to nobody in particular.
  "Fear not Brob, we shall sustain ourselves on our faith in the goodness of our work!"  Trufty proclaimed, although at this point even his indomitable and frankly annoying spirit was starting to flag.
  "I'm hungry!"  Brob repeated, turning expectantly to Smim as though he were a roast chicken.  Smim stared at the wall in the same way a rabbit freezes when a fox is nearby, avoiding eye contact.
  "Enough, Brob!"  Bydalo snapped.  "There's nothing we can do about food in here... hopefully the jailor will bring us something but I wouldn't count on it.  Look on the bright side, that means we probably won't have to use that hole in the floor."  He looked towards the simple toilet sadly, knowing that he was almost certainly wrong.  It was more a matter of 'who first' than anything else.  Was it better to go first or last?
  Rack, having been stoically quiet up to this point, stood and walked over to the cell door.  He bent over to look closely at keyhole, and both Trufty and Sephra seemed very intent on watching him.
  Bydalo realised he was seeing if there was a way he could pick the lock.
  "Y'know Captain, I could have this open pretty snappy like if I could get some kind of a pin or somethin'.  I've seen these locks a few times and they ain't well made."  He rumbled.
  Sephra, leaped up, clapped and then placed a hand on Rack's shoulder.
  "Excellent!  let's get out of here!"  She said, removing a brooch that she was wearing and handing the pin to Rack.
  "Hang on, hang on!" Bydalo called.  "We can't escape jail now!  We're only in here for a night and the magistrate will let us go tomorrow morning.  If we broke out and got caught we'd be as dead as my great uncle Bydirrum who was snapped in half by a troll!"
  "You don't know that, these magistrates are scum!"  Sephra argued back, drawing a slightly offended look from Smim.
  "Nonsense!  Magistrates are sworn to uphold the law, and justice!"  Trufty cried.
  "That's... OK she makes a fair point, but I still think it gives us far better odds than busting out of jail five minutes after being stuck in here, don't you?  And remember, Smim's dad is a magistrate so we might just get lucky."  Bydalo said, no longer feeling even a little bit like a captain of heroes-for-hire.
  Rack had paused during the debate, but at an urging from Sephra he carried on fiddling.  
  Suddenly, as if by magic, the jailor popped into view.  It seemed impossible that he could have walked along that corridor without them hearing him, but at this point Bydalo was no longer surprised by any of the mad things that were happening.  When did his life go so wrong?
  "Well well, not tryin' to escape are we?"  The manbeast said in a gravelly voice.  Smug gravel, that's what he sounded like.
  Rack quickly slipped the brooch out of the lock and passed it subtly behind his back to Sephra, but it was painfully obvious what he had been trying to do.
  "Looks like I'll 'ave to keep my eyes on you lot.  Presumed innocent eh?  We'll see about that.  With any luck I'll 'ave you back in here for a longer holiday".  
  He chuckled and pulled a stool over so that he could sit facing into the cell and observe.  Bydalo had to give him this, the jailor was a conscientious employee.
  It was at this point that Smim's stomach made a feeble noise and his eyes went frantically from the group, to the jailor, to the hole in the middle of the cell floor.  His shoulders slumped in defeat as Brob elbowed him forwards with a chuckle.


  Sephra's eyes squinted against the morning light that stole into the cell through a comically small window-hole high up on the outward-facing wall.  As soon as they got out of this mess, she was done.  Even working in a dead-end shop on Bog Street was a better career than hanging around with this gaggle of gormless losers, she thought to herself with frustration.  She hadn't slept a wink, and was extremely irritated because Brob had managed to drop off without any difficulty and had snored contentedly through his bushy moustache all night - in harmony with the fat jailer who was also snoring outside of the cell door.  Finally, she reached boiling point and couldn't sit quietly anymore.
  "Bydalo, are you awake yet?"  She hissed towards the would-be captain.
  "You think I could sleep on this floor, with that smell and that snoring?"  He snapped back, gesturing his head towards the toilet-hole and Brob before stretching his back.
  She looked him dead in the eye and spoke with certainty.
 "This is the worst joke of a job I've ever had the bad luck of working.  When we get out of here, assuming we ain't just executed by them magistrate gits, I'm going back to me shop and I'm out.  I'd sooner rub cream on Hawley's spotty arse than sit in jail cells all covered in dried rat blood."
  Bydalo panicked.  If Sephra left like this, it might start a chain reaction and the others might quit too, and the whole dream would be over.  He couldn't go back to being a regular pleb.
  "Sephra, please... we've just been unlucky.  How were we to know the old man would be a crazy sheep-botherer with a bit of serial killer on the side, and that we'd get wrapped up in the investigation!?"
  "We weren't, but that's not my problem is it!  You promised me adventure, time to collect me alchemy bits and most importantly money!  So far all I've got is sexual harassment, tired legs and probably rat diseases!"  She retorted, making a completely fair point.
  "OK, so it's not all we dreamed it would be.  yet.  But come on, how many people can say they were at a real life murder scene!?  isn't that a great experience?"
 Bydalo's brain was scrabbling to find any good reason that she should stick with the group.  It was like trying to find an honest businessman in the city, and he realised too late that Sephra lived in the biggest crime scene in the world - Bog Street.
  Fortunately, Rack had woken and chose this moment to turn his charm back on.
  "Here darlin', take it easy!  The boss is right it ain't our fault, we just got unlucky.  We'll be outta here in a few hours"  He purred, giving Sephra a playful jab in the side.  She looked at him witheringly for a moment, arms folded on her chest.
  To Bydalo's complete surprise, she then giggled as she tried to dodge Rack's secondary and tertiary attacks.  He had somehow broken her out of her bad mood instantly... What sorcery was this!?  The two continued joking around quietly and Bydalo was simply amazed at the transformation.  And jealous of Rack's talent.


  Next to rise was Trufty, who began his morning ritual stretches immediately.
  "Good morning fellow heroes!  By all that is graceful and holy, It's good to see your spirits lifting.  Arise, Smim!  We have a meeting with Lady Justice this day and we shall not keep our darling waiting!  If only I could fix up my hair..."
  Smim groggily lifted his face from the dingy stone floor with a confused murmur, a small patch of moss sticking to his forehead.  He gingerly nudged Brob to wake him, but when no reaction was forthcoming he decided to leave the strongman snoring away.  It probably wasn't wise to wake the boulderous little man too vigorously.
  "Smim honey, there's something on your face"  Trufty said.
  "wha-?"  Came Smim's bleary-eyed response.  In turning his head towards Trufty, the moss had fallen away but he began touching his face in an attempt to find the offending article.  He looked quite ridiculous with his mouth gaping open, prodding around his own face.


  Bydalo decided it was time to get serious and be the captain again.
  "Right everyone, let's get our story straight.  I guess we'll uh... catch Brob up when he finally stops sleeping.  Anyway, hopefully they'll let me do the talking on everyone's behalf but I think it will be sensible for everyone to have the same story in their head, just in case"
  "Fret not, good Bydalo!  Nothing but the truth shall ever fly forth from these lips!"  Trufty said, kissing his bunched fingertips and mimicking the opening of a flower with his hand.  He should have been an actor instead of a knight, Bydalo thought.
  "The truth? hmm..."
 Bydalo pondered this for a moment.  Was the truth their best option?  Maybe twisting things a little might improve their chances of getting off.
  "We're not going to l-lie are we sir?"  Smim said with a squirm. 
  "Magistrates are scary... I don't want to lie.  They'll be able to tell and we'll get in trouble!  What if father is the one judging us?"
  "Relax, Smim how would they know? As long as you don't give the game away..." Bydalo said witheringly, his confidence bolstered by berating his recently acquired whipping boy.
  As Smim anxiously nibbled at a fingernail, Rack's attention shifted from Sephra to the conversation.
  "Ain't nothin' wrong with a little creative truth bendin' little man!  It'd be better that we lied and got off than told the truth an' went to jail after doin' nothin' wrong right?"
  At Rack's comment, Smim's doubt eased and he visibly relaxed.  Again, Bydalo wondered whether the gods had given Rack some kind of magical power.
  "Yeah, come on Smim this is a team effort!  Don't let us down by blurting out something stupid when we get in there"  Sephra added.  Apparently she was back on board now.


Since Smim had been sufficiently reminded of his duty to team and captain, Bydalo got down to the business of going over their story.  Even though this had all happened the previous day, everybody seemed to have worryingly different recollections of events.
  Brob (having finally woken up) was trying to piece things together with Rack after their night of drinking with Beetroot the suspected murderer, but unfortunately he couldn't remember much apart from getting kitted out and bashing some vermin.  Or maybe it was actually fortunate, since that meant that all he had to do was memorise the 'official' story.
  "So me and Rack 'ere picked up them clubs and set to making jam out of them rats..." Brob offered up, trying to be helpful.
  "We've not got to that part yet Brob.  Remember, we started out in the city.  We had an abysmal breakfast, then headed out of the main gate.  Nothing interesting happened on the walk, and we stuck to the main road before reaching the farmlands - still with me? good.  We then kept an eye out for the handsome sheep we had been informed of..."  Bydalo dictated.
  "Ooh, hang on, what about how we found out about this job? That might be important"  Sephra interrupted.
  "Good point.  In case anyone has forgotten, I actually met with Beetroot in the Crusty Pantaloons last week.  At the time I thought he was just some poor farmer in need of help.  The proposed reward might have been a little higher than you'd expect from a man such as him, but I didn't think much of it at the time.  I was desperately looking for work for my new adventuring team... and I was also a bit sauced."
  They all nodded like philosophers accepting a well-proposed axiom.  You rarely went to the Pantaloons and remembered the walk home, never mind a meeting.
  "So, we had a job, a terrible breakfast, and a long walk out of the city.  We found the farm and mister Beetroot.  Nothing seemed unusual, except the man himself"  Bydalo continued, before Trufty piped up:
  "And don't forget that there was no sign of the monsters we were supposed to be dealing with, no sight nor sound of the devils!"
  "Oh yeah, that's right!  It did seem odd, but we gave Beetroot the benefit of the doubt and stayed the night.  Sephra was lightly sexually harassed in the morning, but she dealt with that and we got busy anyway, equipping ourselves with some improvised weapons including a hammer and some heavy branches.  We then delved into the basement of the farm, finding that it was far bigger than we expected.  We continued on, encountering the 'monsters' and finding that they were in fact giant rats which needed dealing with.  After some extreme pest control, we were all feeling sick and decided to get the hell out of there and pick up our payment.  When we got back to the surface, we found Beetroot behaving very suspiciously with a sheep, but we got our payment and left - and that's when we met Captain Esmeldrana.  Have I missed anything?"
  "Y-yes, Sir"  Smim mumbled.  "What about the c-corpse?  In that weird dungeon thing?"  He was looking very green around the gills this morning.  Impending doom will do that to you.
  "duhhh!"  Sephra said sarcastically, looking at Bydalo with a patronising 'you're a stupid person' face.
  Bydalo fought his hardest not to blush, but forgetting the most crucial detail of the entire thing was pretty hard to recover from.  Rack filled in the blanks for him.
  "So we was crawlin' along this tunnel and we found that ol' door hidin' a dark room with a corpse in it.  We thought we'd best not get involved and high-tailed it outta there before anything bad happened.  Ain't nothing we done wrong."
  "Hah!" Came a grunt from the jailer outside the door, who must have awoken and been listening in.
  "We'll see about that my little pets, we'll see.  Today is when Magistrate Veralis is doin' the judgements and I hear his wife was just caught fiddlin' with the house cleaner.  Best of luck to you though..."  He grunted, definitely not showing any sincerity in his luck-wishing.


  None of them, not even Smim, had heard of this magistrate, but judging by the glee of the jailer he was neither a lenient or understanding man.  Throw an unfaithful wife into the mix and it looked as though they'd all be checking back into this 'hotel' on a permanent "rest of your short life" basis.
  They rehearsed their story a few more times before the jailer finally opened their cell and prodded them out into the corridor for the long walk to the courtrooms.  When they were briefly outside, walking between the jail and the courthouse, they all took a few moments to enjoy as much sunlight as they could get.






________________


CHAPTER 7
LADY JUSTICE, A MISTRESS FULL OF SURPRISES
  As they stepped into the courtroom they could feel the eyes of the Magistrate and his assistant scanning them with predatory interest.  While Veralis had an aura of fury about him so strong that he was practically glowing red, he had a peculiarly dissonant expression on his face.  It reminded Bydalo of a dog that was desperate to come and bite your plums, but knew that it's leash would prevent it from getting to you.
  The Magistrate was a large man, not exactly fat but not muscular like Brob either.  He was just... big.  He looked powerful, and his official clothing only made him more intimidating as he sat behind his high bench and lorded over the room.
  "Sit."  He ordered, gesturing to a row of seats that sat below him and forced defendants to look up towards the bench.  The room was a huge improvement on their cell in terms of decor, light level and furniture, but it still felt very oppressive and unnerving.  There were three doors, one through which they had entered and one through which the Magistrate had come with his assistant.  The remaining door went off to one side and must have been where the guilty were taken.
 He waited patiently as they slipped into their seats in silence, the only sound being their nervous shuffling, hair-adjusting and throat-clearing.  Smim's lip quivered a little.
  Bydalo had tried to place himself in the middle of the group in the hopes that the Magistrate would look to him to speak.  He didn't relish the idea of being interrogated, and was anxious about taking this much responsibility upon himself - but he was the captain after all.  Wasn't this what he had wanted?  Sweating profusely into your undergarments was all part of the gig.


  As they sat, awaiting Magistrate Veralis' instruction on what to do next, the big man eye-balled them intently.  Under the focused beam of his gaze, each of them responded differently.  Brob, as usual, lifted his chin proudly and met those gargoyle eyes without shame.  Rack appeared casual with his customary smirk and relaxed posture, though his natural charm was of no help here.
  Smim's breathing quickened and he looked anywhere but at the Magistrate, while Trufty and Sephra both looked rebellious with their arms folded and a sassy look about them - though some nerves could be detected. 
  Bydalo tried to look professional and meet the stare like a captain should.  He hoped that he looked noble and proud, like an innocent man, but was sure he probably looked as guilty as sin.  He felt guilty, even though he knew they had done nothing wrong.  Veralis looked like he agreed with that sentiment.
  "Well..."  Veralis finally said, and then paused for an uncomfortably long time.
  One hand served as a shelf for his bearded face while the other drummed idly on the bench as he studied them, never blinking.
  "Well?"  Parroted Brob, growing impatient.  The rest all looked at him as though he'd just spilled their pint.
  "SILENCE, CRIMINAL!  HOW DARE YOU INTERRUPT ME!"  Veralis roared, banging a gavel against his bench viciously as though trying to crush a spider that was scuttling across it.
  Criminal? had he actually decided their fate already then? The man seemed incredibly unstable, how were they going to slither out of this one? Even the normally immovable Brob looked taken aback by this sudden outburst.
  "Magistrate"  The assistant said soothingly, crooning at Veralis' shoulder like a watchful mother.  "The suspects have not been judged yet, they are to be presumed innocent until proven otherwise.  They are here in connection with the serial murders..."
  At this prompting the Magistrate sat back in his chair and shrugged as though he were shedding a heavy cloak.  His entire demeanour flipped in an instant.
  "Right.  Right you are.  You there-"  He said, looking to Bydalo.  "You are the captain of this group are you not?  You and your people have been found loitering in the vicinity of reported homicides, and you were found soaked in copious amounts of blood.  What is your defense?  You will address me as 'Magistrate'"
  With that, Bydalo began to recount the story they had all agreed upon back in their cell.  He was sweating and speaking quickly, and frantically trying to scan his brain to make sure he didn't leave anything out or say the wrong thing.  He became awkwardly aware of the need to breathe, while simultaneously irrationally afraid of everyone hearing him inhale.  All the while, Magistrate Veralis was taking notes and making various noises of scepticism.  It seemed that they were merely going through the motions of a court hearing.
  Every now and then, one of the group would chip in with some forgotten detail or a point to be clarified.  Sephra had made it particularly evident how Ol' Beetroot had spoken to her and how angry this had made her.  The Magistrate's assistant smiled encouragingly the whole way through - the only one in the room who seemed truy at ease.
  "...And so this is when Captain Esmeldrana came across us, as we were leaving Beetroot's farm and heading back to the city to get cleaned up.  We submitted to questioning as we had done nothing wrong, and we offered to help the Captain by showing her the situation that we had found in the basement."  Bydalo finished, relieved just to have completed the story but still anxious about being condemned to death by the mad Magistrate - whose mood had again flipped.
  "Nonsense.  This entire story is a wicked lie which you and your murdering ilk have fabricated, Mister Bydalo - if that be your real name!  Only a lunatic serial killer could think up such a tale and convince five people to help him.  Monsters such as yourselves must be kept off the streets of our fair city..."
  He ranted in this way for a few more moments, although the gang didn't really pay attention as they were all now vividly imagining what being hung felt like.
  "... And YOU, Smimsbing, yes, I know who you are.  Your father and I are good friends.  Have been for many years, yes.  He will be most disappointed, but as always, justice must be served."
  Smim's face blanched.  It was all over for him, there was no escape this time.  Mummy couldn't help.  He may as well be dead already.
  Veralis' assistant spoke again.  
  "Magistrate... perhaps we should call the two witnesses now?"
  Everybody's ears suddenly pricked up with interest - who could possibly have witnessed what happened?  Would this help them?
  The answer was, unfortunately, no.
  "Yes, yes.  Bring in Captain Esmeldrana and Ranger Arissa.  Seat them behind the suspects."  Veralis stated.
  His assistant quickly vanished out of the door through which they had entered, and returned a few moments later with Esmeldrana and Arissa, who must have been waiting outside.  They followed him in and silently sat down behind the unlucky adventurers.
  Arissa leaned forward, tapping Trufty on the shoulder and whispering to him like a little girl in school.
  "Isn't this exciting?  I've never been in a courtroom before!  You should have braided your hair!"
 Trufty had registered the tap on his shoulder, but his strict sense of honour had prohibited him from turning around.  He was so torn between politely returning Arissa's sentiment, and facing rigidly forwards, that he appeared to be vibrating.
  "Be quiet, girl!  You will not speak unless ordered to by the bench!"  Veralis yelled at her, pointing the gavel in his huge hand menacingly.
  She slumped backwards in her chair to sulk, saying no more.
  "Now.  Captain Esmeldrana.  The court will hear your statement on the events which took place yesterday... and there will be no late submission of evidence Captain..."  He added as Esmeldrana was extracting her precious notebook.  Her eyes widened in sheer terror at the thought of not being able to consult her scribblings, as though the loss of one's notes was akin to the loss of one's own soul.
  "Yes... very well Magistrate.  We set out yesterday..."  She began, but was immediately interrupted.
  "Did you witness these people commit murder?"
  Esmeldrana's previously open mouth now closed, and her hands shifted around an imaginary notebook.
  "No, Magistrate... we-"
  "You are witnesses in this homicide case are you not?  Surely you actually witnessed what happened?"
  "Well, no Magistrate, we arrived on the scene-"
  "So you mean to tell me that there was no murder?"
  "No Magistrate but-"
  "But you just informed the court that you arrived on 'the scene' - the scene of what, Captain?  Was it not the scene of a murder?"
 "Well, Yes Magistrate it was but-"
  "So there was a murder?"
  There was a thud as Sephra's hand was raised and then dropped in a gesture of frustration.  Everybody in the room stopped and looked at her, and she looked to Bydalo with an angry 'I don't care anmyore' shrug.
  Her interruption seemed to help the Magistrate escape some kind of thought loop though, and Esmeldrana was able to actually recount some of the details of what had happened.
  The magistrate listened intently, a very stern look on his face.  His assistant was taking notes, although appeared to be quite 'half-arsed' about it, as the folk of Bog Street would say.  He had a faint smile and was writing too slowly to keep up.
  "So.  You came across the suspects exiting the scene of one homicide, covered in blood, and you correctly brought them in - but you had them unbound?  And you checked their supposed alibi?"  The Magistrate queried.
  "Yes, Magistrate.  In accordance with the city's arrest-on-reasonable-suspicion bylaws I was regulated to attempt to confirm or deny any alibi given by the suspects.  I had it written in my notes... Anyway.  Yes, I checked the alibi and it appeared sufficiently feasible that I brought them in unbound as a sign of good faith.  Captain Bydalo assured me that his people were trustworthy and that they were actually performing a service for this local farmer."
  "Yes, yes, I've heard his fairy tale already Captain.  What made you so sure that their alibi was feasible?"
  "Their claim was that they had been slaying giant rats as part of an 'adventurers for hire' type service.  The farmer in question, 'Ol' Beetroot', had paid them to go into his basement and clear the rats out.  I descended into this basement and found... Well, enough evidence to explain all of the blood and other substances that was on the suspects.  They also openly admitted that they had found a human corpse under suspicious circumstances, which led me to believe that their alibi was indeed legitimate."  Esmeldrana finished, her composure fully recovered.
  For a moment, Veralis sat in silence and it looked as though he was trying to melt Esmeldrana with bolts of lightning from his eyes.
  Fortunately for her, Veralis was no magician and she was quite safe.  
  "Hmm.  Very well Captain Esmeldrana, you have made your statement.  Ranger Arissa, stand for the court and recount your version of events"  He boomed after a few more tense moments.
  Arissa stopped sulking and brightened again at the chance to speak.  Was there nothing she wasn't excited about?  Bydalo wondered.  There was always Smim, he supposed.
  She began recounting a somewhat different tale to Esmeldrana.  The key events were all there, but the details were vastly different.  Esmeldrana had noted important facts such as the time of day, the accoutrement of the accused, the evidence on the scene.  Arissa's tale sounded more like a wonderful picnic that was slightly ruined by having to talk to 'the help'.  She was, however, useful in pointing out the weapons they had found at the house.
  "...And these weapons... they weren't very good.  I mean, they obviously did the job, but if I were going to fashion a club out of wood then I would cut living boughs from a much harder tree.  Dead wood is often rotten or weakened by termites!  Daddy showed me how to make a good walking stick when I was little and..."  She rambled on.
  The Magistrate's assistant held up his hand to quieten her momentarily, but she did not notice at first.  He clapped his hands quickly to get her attention and held up his hand again.  She looked slightly annoyed at him for ruining her story.
  "Magistrate, Ranger Arissa has confirmed for us that the suspects' only weapons had been fallen branches, a farming tool and an old knight's sword"
  "Yes?  What of it?"
  "I believe the record here shows that the victims of the serial murderer were all inflicted with wounds that appeared to be made with large claws"
  The Magistrate looked at him as though he'd interrupted his birthday party.  Again, he shook his head like a dog ridding it's coat of water.  Bydalo wondered how this obviously insane man was still a Magistrate.
  "So!  Foul magic was used to somehow sprout monstrous claws eh?  Call an extra set of guards, we must not allow these murdering sorcerers to escape at all costs!"
  "Magistrate Veralis!"  Bydalo called, having had enough of this kangaroo court.  "We are NOT sorcerers, surely you can see that we are all impoverished and, frankly, desperate young adventurers?  If magic was even real and we had the ability to wield it, we'd have used it on the rats!"
  "YOU - WILL - NOT - SULLY - MY - COURTROOM - WITH - YOUR - LIES!"  Veralis raved back, punctuating every word with a banging of his gavel.
  Bydalo fell silent again.  It seemed completely hopeless.  The Magistrate had already decided that they were guilty, and would no doubt call for their execution no matter what he said.  Oh, but if he could get five minutes alone with the man and Trufty's sword... well, he'd probably stand quietly in the corner and do nothing because the Magistrate was a large and very intimidating psychopath, but he'd like to think he'd chop the man's head off.
  Again, the Magistrate's assistant tapped him on the shoulder and spoke quietly into his ear.  The Magistrate listened, then spoke to the courtroom in a frustrated but barely controlled tone.
  "My assistant has informed me that Lord Toril, the Governor, has actually left with him a message which is to be read to the courtroom once all evidence has been submitted and all pleas heard.  Read on, if you must"  He finished, waving his gavel dismissively and slouching back in sudden boredom.
  "Ahem.  I, speaking on behalf of Lord Toril, now read these, his words, for the court."  He began officiously.
  "Upon submission of all evidence and pleas, the suspects are to be released immediately and sent to speak with the chief of the town guard who will further discuss the situation with them.  The case is to be suspended and there will be no sentence given on this day, with all personal effects to be returned.  The suspects will be escorted to the town guard barracks with all haste."  He finished, rolling up the scroll he was reciting from and looking pleased at doing his duty.
  
  So it had all been a massive, box-ticking waste of time.  A big old ball of stress and anxiety, with a little fear of death thrown in for good measure.  They were never in any danger of being convicted of these murders, but procedure had been followed to appease the jobsworths of the legal system.  Perhaps they needed to show the public that something was being done about a loose serial killer.
  Veralis obviously didn't like the outcome - he must not have been privy to this mysterious letter before hand.  Perhaps the Governor had wanted to put the fear of 'justice' into them, Bydalo wondered to himself.  Despite the relief that the letter had brought a moment ago, he was starting to get yet another sinking feeling - there was no way that this was going to be a polite stop for tea and biscuits.  Some higher power was tormenting them, surely?
  Magistrate Veralis sat in silence as everybody waited for him to speak.  His eyes were bulging and veins in his face were pulsating with quiet fury.  By the movement of his jaw muscles they could see he was grinding his teeth.
  It seemed he was stuck in some kind of loop again and that they might be there for the rest of time, and the group of adventurers-to-be started to look around nervously at each other - neither believing their luck or wanting to trigger the Magistrate and end it all.
  The assistant finally tapped him lightly on the shoulder, bringing the Magistrate back to reality.  He banged his gavel once more and boomed his verdict to the room in a deep voice.
  "Very well, Governor Toril has seen fit to thwart justice this time.  I always knew he was corrupt and insane.  I will be taking this up with him next time we meet in the bath house!  In the meantime, you sorcerous dogs are free to go, but mark my words, this shall not be the end of it.  BAILIFFS!"  He called, immediately standing and exiting the room and slamming the door behind him.  His assistant smiled, gathered their papers and meekly followed suit.


  All tension was instantly released, like the release of a river after the breaking of a dam.  Trufty spun around to start gossipping excitedly with Arissa about the day's proceedings, the two facing each other and holding hands.  Esmeldrana's face was white with shock.  Smim wept with relief, sniffling wetly and smiling at Brob and Rack's celebratory antics.  Bydalo looked to Sephra and smiled, but she was far from happy.
  "S'now we've to see the Chief?  I want out of here, I want back to me shop.  I never thought I'd say this but you can't get me back to Bog Street quick enough."  She complained.  She must have twigged, as Bydalo had, that this wasn't just a happy coincidence and that they probably were escaping the frying pan only to spill over into the proverbial fire.
  Bydalo tried a bit of banter, hoping to interrupt her dark mood.
  "What's the matter Sephra, you're not a wanted criminal are you?"
  She made a gesture with her hand that would have curled Brob's excessively waxed moustache.  Maybe humour wasn't the way to go just now...
  Two men entered the courtroom from the door the adventurers had come through earlier.  They looked much like the town guards that had been with Esmeldrana, although they wore insignias that marked a slightly higher rank, and their uniforms were in much better condition.  These must be the bailiffs, come to take them to their next stop on this whirlwind ride.


  A short while later, after collecting their effects and Horace the horse (who tried to neigh in greeting but sounded more like a heavy smoker), they were standing before yet another large government-sponsored building, this time the barracks of the town guard.  It was large and ugly, pure function over style.  The walls were built from roughly cut stone and there were cheap windows made from low quality glass that barely let any sunlight through due to the level of grime that coated the panes.  Where the courthouse had been immaculate and treated with care, the town guard barracks were mouldering away with neglect.  Perhaps once the building had been a proud monument to protecting the people, but that must have been long ago.
  Before they reached the main entrance, a reinforced set of heavy wooden doors, a very young guardsman of bottom-of-the-barrel rank ran up to the group and spoke to the bailiffs.
  "The chief's round the back in the training yard.  He said to keep an eye out for bailiffs and send any of 'em round to 'im"  He breathed in a low-class accent.  The lad was probably an out of work thief who'd turned to 'maintaining law and order' purely out of desperation.
  The bailiffs nodded and silently gestured to them that they should follow around the side of the building.
  The group walked a path that followed the rough walls the full length of the fortress-like barracks, emerging into an open courtyard lined with tables and weapons racks.  Scattered through the area were small groups of guardsmen being trained - hitting straw figures, wrestling each other to the ground, working in teams to practice crowd control.
  That was the idea anyway, but most of them looked more like they were having a drunken ballroom dance.  Their instructors were yelling harshly at them to little avail.
  In the very center of the courtyard was the shortest man Bydalo had ever seen, wearing a full suit of armour.  He could not have been even five feet tall, and yet he wore perfectly fitted plate mail with a high quality tabard over the top, bearing the crest of the town guard.  At his waist was a simple mace, hanging from a belt loop.
  Judging by the respect shown to him by those around, and by his magnificently over-the-top plumed helmet, this had to the be chief.  He was bawling orders from under a tremendous moustache, louder than all of the drill sergeants, in a very powerful voice that had the saw-edge sound of a man with years of military experience.
  As they drew near, he noticed them and spun an about-turn to face them, freezing neatly at attention for a moment before marching brusquely towards them.  He pulled up just short of one of the bailiffs, looking directly over the bailiff's head with a fierce expression.
  "Good afternoon lad, are these the blighters who were suspected of the serial murders?  Speak quickly!"  He belted, far louder than necessary.
  "Yeah, these is them"  The bailiff answered in his monotonous drone.
  "This is them... SAH!"  The Chief responded, correcting his etiquette and sprinkling the man's face with spittle.
  He wiped the saliva away slowly.  "These is them... sir..."
  "Right!  Get yourself squared away and back to the court and tell the Magistrate's assistant that the group has been delivered to it's destination.  I'll take it from here.  Hup two, hup two, hup two!"  He chanted as he chased the bailiffs away with a drill stick for a few moments before returning to stand before Bydalo - who appreciated being recognised as the leader.
  "NOW THEN.  My name is Chief-of-the-guard Biggins.  You will refer to me as 'SAH', or Chief only.  Pay attention, follow my orders at the double, and above all don't get killed.  Do as I say and this will all go smoothly."
  Right.  This sounded promising... and that had to be one of the most ironic names Bydalo had ever come across.  Perhaps the Chief had given it to himself
  "STAAAAND to attention then, come on!  you're not down at the pub now you know, you'll form up smartly when the Chief talks to you!"  The short man roared.
  As they shuffled to stand at something resembling attention, Sephra and Rack looking distinctly unhappy about it while Trufty snapped into position perfectly, the Chief began inspecting them.
  He passed over Bydalo, Sephra and Smim with only mild disappointment.  With Rack, he could apparently see through the charismatic aura and sense his roguish nature - he didn't look impressed one bit.
  As he came to stand before Brob, who was not a whole lot taller than the Chief himself, their eyes met and a clash for the ages began.  For what seemed like minutes, the two men glared at each other, as though blinking would mean certain death.  Their lip-warmers bristled into some kind of magical moustache dance of death as though they were communicating.  It felt like the whole courtyard paused what it was doing to watch the showdown, and a single bead of sweat rolled down Smim's nervous brow.
  A few moments later the 'staches settled and the two men nodded at each other almost imperceptibly, without losing their grimaces.  Mutual respect had been established, and an unbreakable bond formed.
  "Yeees, you're just the type of chap we could use more of round here.  Name lad?"  Biggins said, quieter for once.
  "Name's Brob, Chief.  Brob the strongman!"  He replied with a cheeky bicep flex.
  "I like the cut of your jib, Mr Brob.  Well turned out and in good nick too!  Yeees could have used a few tall 'uns like yourself back in the mandrake wars - mind you that was when I was young and green as grass!"  The chief rambled with a wistful look over Brob's shoulder and into the past.
  "Ahhh that was a damned fine war Mr Brob - aside from the endless poetry!" He continued, his voice changing from drill instructor to dreamy lovebird.  "Me and the lads were ready to eat fire and ask for seconds - and some of the boys in the specials brigade actually did!  hoho, ohhh those were the days..."
 Bydalo felt it was time to move things along before they ended up spending the rest of the day hearing war stories.  Sephra was looking increasingly impatient, although Bydalo couldn't see her while standing at attention and staring ahead.  Sephra was feeling increasingly impatient was more like what was happening.  Or was it?  Can you feel such things from the person next to you or do you imagine it?  A sly glance confirmed his suspicions.
  "Ahem, Chief sir?  Why is it we've been brought before you... Sir?"
  "Well laddie, orders from the brass tell me to get you trained up, kitted out and briefed up for a mission!"  He spoke, showing some excitement at the prospect of some solid planning and execution.
  "I'd have decked you in regimental basics like the rest of the lads, but since this one is of top importance it seems that you're to be given advance pay with which to buy your own kit.  Spoiled rotten if you ask me, I've gone to battle in nought but my skivvies and returned with loot and trophies that would griddle your diddle!  Speaking of wealth... You'll have Magistrate Smimsbing to thank because apparently he's the fellow who's sponsoring your gear"
  At the sound of his namesake being invoked, Smim's knees buckled slightly and he let out a strange noise that he hastily tried to cover up.
  "WHAT'S THAT LAD?  SPEAK UP!"  Biggins immediately roared, hopping sideways to stand in front of Smim.
  "Thats... my father.  I'm Smimsbing Junior"  He stammered.
  ... And was rewarded with a 'thwack' to the side of the knee with the drill stick.
  "YOU WILL ADDRESS ME AS CHIEF, OR SAH!  DO YOU GET ME?"
  "Y-yes, Chief Sir.  Sorry Sir!"  Smim said after he'd finished his yelp of pain.
  "So!  Looks like it's to be nepotism among the officers eh?  Nothing new there.  No doubt your daddy will buy you a commission that outranks my own!  Ahhh the lads have always known how it works, we've all seen it.  We've also seen the rich fodder like yourself get chopped down in the opening seconds of a battle, giving you just long enough to wet your pants first!  Is that you Junior?  Are you the soldier who would soil my glorious uniform?"
 "No Sir..."
  "I JOLLY WELL HOPE NOT!  Now get that chin up and stand with your back straight like some kind of a man!"  He yelled, prodding Smim in the stomach.
  Perhaps this was going to be good for Smim at least... The mission though?  Bydalo had no clue what that could be but he was confident it would be neither easy, pleasant OR rewarding.  Oh well, this was what he'd originally wanted for the adventuring organisation wasn't it?
  The Chief yelled out for some orderlies to come to his side ('at the double!') and he commanded them to retrieve the advance pay from his office.  A short while after that, they found themselves being dismissed and let loose back into the city, which came as a huge relief after the strange series of events.  At least some semblance of normality could now descend upon the group and they could talk about things openly.
  Brob spoke first.
  "The Pantaloons then boys - and girl?"
  Rack immediately clapped a cheerful hand on Brob's shoulder and angled them in the vague direction of the pub.  Smim gave Bydalo a guilty look and fell in beside them - though he well knew this wasn't the time for booze.
  "Didn't you listen to a word Chief Biggins said?  We've a most urgent mission which I can only presume is super important to the good people of the city!"  Trufty scolded.  Sephra prodded him in the ribs.
  "Ah, come on, you're just excited to go shopping Trufty!"
  He responded by giving her a playful slap on the arm and calling her 'scandalous'.
  Bydalo was distracted and not paying too much attention to the chatter, and was trying to come up with some kind of a plan - what to buy, where to go, how to prepare for the unknown mission.  Would they need armour?  camping equipment?  Provisions for a long journey?  Would they need to go to a priest and beg for some kind of divine protection from demonic possession?  There were just too many questions and decisions.  Would they need a lawyer for a last will and testament!?
  He was muttering to himself and absent-mindedly began heading off on a meandering path towards where many of the market stalls and shops were, his head bent down and one hand on his chin.
  "Where's he shufflin' off to?"  Rack asked, looking to Smim for an answer for some reason.  Before Smim could answer, Brob suddenly called out in terror.
  "Here, he's got the money!  After him!"
  And thus began the shortest ever chase through a busy city street.  The whole group, spurred by Brob's tone, had begun to run - but they caught up to Bydalo in literally a few seconds and the crisis was avoided.
  "Huh?  Oh, hello Brob.  Do you think we're going to need spare shoes for Horace's hooves on this mission?"  Bydalo mumbled, as though they were out to pick up some groceries.
  "Y'alright Bydalo?  I've seen that manic look in the eye a few times... It's usually a sign of stress" Sephra asked, with what almost seemed like genuine concern.
  "Yes, yes, I'm fine - just thinking.  Planning.  We've got shopping to do, let's get moving!"
  "Seems like you could use some home brew..."  Sephra muttered, her tone indicating that she didn't think he deserved any whatsoever.
________________


CHAPTER 8
A VALIANT EXCHANGE OF MONEY FOR GOODS
  The group shepherded Bydalo along towards the street markets and general trading hub of the city.  They'd all been there before, though usually they couldn't afford much other than perhaps some odd looking roasted meat, or a wheel of the good stuff from the well-known cheese vendor.  Today, however, Bydalo was carrying a fairly hefty sack of money and the promise of retail therapy was picking everyone's spirits up, even Smim's.  In a way, the money was his Father's and that made it more satisfying to burn through.
  They stopped roughly in the center of the area and huddled in a little circle, looking to Bydalo expectantly in a way that he took to be respect for his leadership position - but in reality was probably more to do with the fact that he had all the money.  He told himself it was the respect.
 His mind had calmed down a bit by this point and was functioning a little more clearly - so he issued some orders to the team.
  "OK.  What I am going to do is divvy up the money equally and let everybody buy their own gear.  You all know what you like and can judge what is best for you - or so I'm hoping.  We'll need to prioritise outdoor gear, weapons and maybe armour.  Don't buy anything stupid!"
  Was he being too optimistic?
 "Let's say... meet back here in an hour with our stuff.  It seems like quite a good sum of money so try and get quality equipment that will last as long as possible.   You never know how long it could be between jobs and if we look the part that will at least help us find new clients"
  As he counted out the coins into the waiting palms of the excited adventurers he began trying to decide what he would actually buy.  He'd never bought a weapon or armour or anything like that before, and he didn't want to get ripped off by some slimy merchant on his first go.
  Trufty stuffed his money in a small belt pouch and clapped, a huge smile on his face.
  "I know exactly what I want and it's going to be sooo heroic!  I'm off to the armourer.  Anybody else coming?"
  "Yer, me!"  Said Brob, giving Trufty a playful punch on the shoulder.  "Let's go before Rack pinches my money".
  Rack raised an eyebrow and smiled, but said nothing.
  "What are you going to do with Horace?"  Bydalo asked of Trufty.
  "I should be able to tie him up outside the armourer's hopefully.  He can carry our gear once we're kitted out, he's carried many an armoured knight into valorous combat so he should feel right at home!"
 Bydalo held extreme doubts as to whether Horace Winghoof could carry the meagre hopes and dreams of a homeless drunk, never mind an armed warrior, but he didn't want to take the wind out of Trufty's sails.
  "I'll come with you Sir!"  Smim said to Bydalo, annoyingly.  The last thing he wanted was to trawl around with Smim, but the lad would probably get lost and then inevitably mugged if he went alone.
  "Alright then... Where's Sephra?"
 They all looked around, suddenly noticing that she was gone.  Nobody was really surprised considering her mood earlier in the day.
  "Well.  I hope she comes back.  Otherwise we'll probably just get chucked in jail."  Bydalo tried to say with a nonchalant tone, though it was probably true.


  They all set off, Brob and Trufty heading for an armourer, Rack slipping off on his own somewhere, and Bydalo with Smim in tow taking a meandering path hoping inspiration would strike.  
  A few short minutes later Smim decided (much to Bydalo's relief) that he was going to run and catch up to Trufty and Brob.  He had been doing some mental maths and realised that a very good suit of armour that could prevent him from being so much as scratched might be a great idea.  Bydalo smiled as Smim left, relishing in a little time to himself to gather his thoughts.
  He wandered the narrow winding streets bustling with street vendor activity, taking in the sights and smells.  He envisioned where they might be in a few years, having made their fortune on dangerous but impressive adventures, retiring young with lots of money for delicious pastries and nights out at the Crusty Pantaloons.  Maybe even a nice house somewhere.
  He soon realised he'd done a circuit of the main market area as he came across the cheese vendor once more, yelling out his famous catchphrases.  The man exclaimed something about having more friends if you had some quality cheese, so Bydalo decided it would be a great idea to buy a fairly hefty wheel of some dense creamy deliciousness.  He took a bite out of it and found that it was indeed a wheel of the good stuff, and continued to nibble while he walked with a little more purpose towards a shop selling travel gear.
  He stepped inside the small building, immersed in the strong but earthy scents of leather and fur, and began to peruse.  Step one was to get a solid adventuring bag - that was a no brainer.  You needed somewhere to keep your clothes, sleeping gear, food, and any loot you also happened across.  Adventure-101 right?
  He found something suitable, chucked his circle of tasty golden heaven inside and continued looking, this time for a cloak that might be resistant to the rain.
  A further two minutes of efficient shopping later he emerged back into the street, wearing a long and heavy leather coat, with a leather rucksack and solid new leather boots.  Feeling quite the rugged explorer, he checked his remaining money and began asking around for a weapon salesman.


  Before finding one, he ran into Rack.
  "Ho there, Rack!  What's that you've got?"
  Bundled under one arm was some red fabric that Rack was treating with all respect.
  "Glad you asked cap'n!  This here's my new sneakin' cloak"  He said proudly, unfurling the gorgeous red cape and modeling it for Bydalo.
  "Well that's damn nice but how exactly is that a sneakin' cloak?  I thought you had that smelly horrible thing that let you blend in anywhere or something?"  Bydalo responded, beginning to suspect that Rack had completely lied.  What sort of scoundrel would do such a thing?
  The big man merely winked in response, looking irritatingly handsome as always.  The red suited him fantastically, and at least the cloak had some good pockets and places to conceal things.  Bydalo thought to himself that he probably shouldn't expect any wiser purchases from the rest, except perhaps Trufty.
  "As you can see I'm geared up - thanks for noticing by the way - and I just need a weapon now.  You coming?"
  "Sure thing, all I got so far is this here cape.  I don't fancy killing no monsters with my bare hands huh?"
  They wandered into the first smithy they found that had weapons on display.  Quite a lot of weapons actually, and of all kinds - many that Bydalo had never seen or heard of before.  This was going to be fun!
  Both men browsed for a good while, picking up whatever took their fancy and giving it a test swing to see how it felt.  The smithy himself was present and he was keen to make a sale.
  "Oh, yes sir!  suits you very nicely!"  He chirped as Rack picked up a warhammer.  It looked small in his hands, but was no doubt very heavy.
  "Hmm I'm not sure it's really... me, y'know?  I want somethin' that shows who I am inside"  The rogue said thoughtfully.
  "Perhaps sir would care to try this wonderful spear?"
  "Um... Nahhh"  He said as he glanced at the spear proffered by the smith.  "How about - that!"
  The smith followed Rack's eye to a colossal sword mounted horizontally on the wall, above the desk where he conducted business.
  "Ah, you have a good eye sir!  That beauty is actually not one of my own creations, but the relic of a great battle.  The man who sold it to me was a retired veteran of many campaigns!" He babbled excitedly.
  "Huh.  Seems pretty new-looking and unblooded to me" Bydalo said, joining in the discussion.
  Rack caught his eye.
  "Yeah... I know a thing or two about blades and this here ain't seen combat.  I think you've been sold a fake my man"
  The smith looked doubtful - he too knew blades exceptionally well, although he didn't know combat.
  "What if I told you I just did such an excellent repair job on it that you can't tell it's seen combat, and it is in fact better than ever?"  He asked slyly.
  "Then it ain't the same famous relic anymore is it?"  Rack responded quickly.  Bydalo was impressed.
  "Well... that's really... that's more of a philosophical distinction than a practical one surely?  I knew of a man who had his entire ship rebuilt piece by piece after some rot set in - exactly as it was before - and he was adamant that it was the same ship.  The boat builder disagreed with him - but who was he to say?  A ship is more than just some bits of wood to it's captain, is it not?"
  Bydalo agreed, but was not about to let the smithy worm them out of a potential bargain with a bit of cheeky sophistry.
  "I'd argue that it is not the same ship, given that save for the captain's emotions, there is no evidence to the contrary!  The value of the ship is sentimental, and therefore cannot be transferred"  He said in his best smart-arse voice.
  
  The discussion continued for a further few minutes until Rack grew impatient and turned on his 'intimidating mode' and made an offer to the smithy that bordered on being rude.  The man was flustered enough by the debate that he decided to take the deal, on the promise that Bydalo would also purchase a weapon.  Perfect.
  He browsed a little longer, finally returning to something that had caught his eye earlier.  A short spear that was made entirely of metal, with the haft being blackened.  The craftsmanship was of a high standard, there were beautiful engravings and a pleasant texture on the haft gave it a sure-feeling grip.  It wasn't as heavy as it looked either, and Bydalo felt that it gave him a good authoritative appearance.  It also didn't hurt that it would probably keep dangerous things at a distance.
  A deal was made and Bydalo promised to buy the man a drink in the Pantaloons later if he was about - where they could continue their discussion.  The smith was torn between celebrating a free drink and a sale, and wanting to avoid a lengthy philosophical argument.  He politely said he might see them later.
  And so they left the shop, Bydalo using his new spear as a walking stick and Rack wearing the gigantic gorgeous sword across his back in a neat holster that he had haggled out of the smith.  He looked every bit the hulking barbarian, and not at all like a stealthy rogue.
  They headed back to the appointed meeting place, Bydalo drawing out a chunk of cheese for Rack as the crowd parted before them with a newfound respect.  They enjoyed the feeling!
 As they came to the spot, they found to Bydalo's great relief that Sephra was actually there waiting for them, sitting on a low stone wall behind a merchant's stall.  Across her lap lay a cheap but functional-looking sword that seemed like a good fit for her height.  She hadn't bought a scabbard, so the little bits of rust they could see would probably soon blossom into full blown sword cancer.
  "Hey there missy, that's no luxury weapon - what else did you buy?"  Rack said, pulling up next to her on the wall while trying awkwardly to keep his sword from decapitating anyone.
  "How dare you!"  She said playfully.  "This is where the rest of my money went".
  Their eyes widened as she lifted her arm to reveal that she had been smuggling a pretty large bottle that looked older than the fossilized poop back at HQ.
  Bydalo tried not to show his disapproval but it was pretty hard.  If she had spent all her remaining money after buying the sword on this bottle of what he presumed was liver-crushing alcohol, it would have been a huge waste.
  "So um... Is that wine?"
 "Rum."  She said in an almost provocative tone, as if daring him to chastise her.  Bydalo absolutely did not dare, not after the couple of days they'd had.
  "Lovely.  What's... Where did you get it?  It looks... Old"  He replied lamely, trying to think of something to say that wouldn't rock the boat.
  "I know a very serious brewer.  Best in the city I'd say.  I've had my eye on this for ages and knew I'd never afford it.  Now it's my beloved baby and I'm going to save it for a special occasion!"
  Bydalo ground his teeth as he fought to stop himself making some kind of sarcastic remark as Sephra cradled the bottle lovingly, sniffing around the top even though it was sealed.  


  Little did she know, the rum would not last the night.


  Sephra then showed great interest in Rack's new cape and sword, telling him the red really brought out his eyes, amongst other such compliments to his appearance.  Soon after, some hodge-podge clanking noises could be heard approaching.
  As they looked up, it became clear what was making all the noise.  Smim had returned at the head of Brob and Trufty, looking incredibly pleased with himself.
 It was an achievement, noting what Smim looked like, because he was encased head to toe in plate armour that must have been made for a larger man than he.  It was wobbling all over the place and he had to keep adjusting sections back into position.
  "Nothing's gonna touch me Bydalo!"  He said happily, sounding a little out of breath.
  "Not even Trufty..." Rack muttered.
  "Very nice Smim, I can't wait to see how you hold up on a cold rainy night, sleeping on the ground in that lot."  Bydalo quipped.  Being able to vent a little sarcasm Smim's way felt great, and so did the image of him crumpled up inside a metal cage, freezing to death.
  "And did you perchance buy a weapon of any sort?"  He added.
  "Ah! glad you asked Sir.  Brob if you would be so kind?"
  Brob handed over a heavy looking flail that Bydalo had presumed was his, and Smim had to grasp it with two hands in order to actually hold it off the ground.
  "Fantastic.  What on earth are you wearing Brob?"  He said, writing Smim off as dead meat on day one of this next job.  Brob looked pretty much the same as when he'd left, apart from two conspicuous differences.
  "Ah well, you see Captain, I got me a two-for-one deal from the armourer!  I took a shine to this shoulder piece here and he said he'd throw in this top quality boot as well!"  The boulderous little man said with glee, sticking his booted foot forward and gesturing at it with his hands, as though presenting the elixir of youth.
  The shoulder piece he was wearing consisted of a well-shaped metal plate that was mounted on stiff leather and fixed to the shoulder with straps - and it also had a crude but huge spike sticking nine inches up into the air by Brob's head, as well as many small spikes dotting the surface.  It certainly looked like a nasty bit of kit and Bydalo had no doubts that Brob could make good use of it in a scrap - but it seemed a bit reckless to say the least.
  The boot.  They could only shake their heads as they looked at what appeared to be the armourer's first stab at creating a boot from one single lump of metal for the sake of research and development.  It must have weighed a huge amount and was surely extremely uncomfortable, but Brob didn't seem to notice.
  "So... why the boot?"  Sephra dared to ask.
  "Well we're gonna be kicking monster arse aren't we?"
  "That phrase isn't supposed to be taken literally Brob"  Bydalo said.  "But I suppose I wouldn't want to be kicked by that if I was some orc in the wrong neighborhood"
  "No, you bloody wouldn't!  Plus it was a two-for-one deal!"  Brob roared with pride, giving the wall a test kick and knocking a huge lump out of the stone with an enormous crash that drew angry stares from all the merchants and their customers.
  "Riiiight.  Trufty?  Please tell me you at least bought something sensible?"  Bydalo said, turning to the knight who had been behind Brob and Smim, dealing with Horace.
  The young man stepped forward nimbly, assuming a flowery looking combat stance.
  "Behold!  The unicorn shield!"  He called, flicking his hair back and drawing his heirloom sword to point at the sky.
  It was exactly what he said.  An admittedly well-made shield, polished so perfectly that it glinted in the sun with rainbow light that danced across it's surface, glittering their hazy reflections back at them from the silvery metal.  In the center of the beautiful shield was a crest that consisted purely of a prancing unicorn.  Nothing had ever suited one individual so perfectly.
  "With this bulwark I swear to defend the innocent, to shelter the meek, to guard civilisation!"  He called.
  Brob sat down next to Sephra, his boot thudding against the ground as he put his feet up.
  "You should have heard him rehearsing that while the armourer was putting the design on..."  He said to the other two on the wall, moustache twitching with humour.
  "It looks great Sir Trufty!"  Smim said.  He was still excited about his purchase as the reality of how brain-numbingly stupid it was had not yet dawned on him.
  "I have to admit, that is a damn nice shield"  Bydalo added.  "It looks light too.  Very nice.  Did you get anything else?"
  "Indeed, for mighty Horace I have commissioned actual winged shoes for him to wear!  He is going to look so valiant!  They're getting delivered to HQ tomorrow though, they'll take time to craft apparently."  Trufty said with pride, Horace snorting as though he understood what was happening and shuffling his hooves in a sort of old man dance.
  "Excellent"  Bydalo said, putting his leadership voice back on.  "Who's got left over change?  I assume that the big cheeses will find us when they want us so I propose we take our spare money and head to the Pantaloons immediately to unwind!"  He declared, feeling pretty dejected that nobody had asked about his new leathers or his spear.  Ah well, Chief Biggins would probably tell him that the officer class shouldn't fraternise too much with the grunts anyway.   It was bad for discipline.
  Everybody lauded the idea and shifted into action, once more gaining an energy boost after their dreadful ordeal in the courts and the jail house.  Even Trufty said he might partake of a drink - all good knights should pour a libation and toast to fallen heroes after all.


  And thus the glorious heroes-for-hire came to be in the Crusty Pantaloons early in the afternoon for some pre-drinks in preparation for the... drink drinks.  They were getting into it, everyone feeling quite chummy (even the weapon smith who showed up after closing time and got his free drink after all) as well as learning a little more about each other.  You might even say they were becoming friends, though Smim and Trufty were often the butt of jokes.  It was funnier with Smim because Trufty tended to take the jokes as compliments and toss his hair around like a majestic princess, enjoying the attention more than anything.  Put a few watered down wines in the knight and he became quite the diva.
 Things had been going great for a few hours, and they even tried out some of the food on offer in the Pantaloons (which was shockingly not that bad!) as darkness fell.  As Bydalo, Rack, Sephra and Smim were six drinks deep (Brob was on about nine) the door to the infamous tavern opened, and in walked the most unlikely creature imaginable.
  "Hi guys!"  Came the excited squeal of none other than Arissa the ranger.
  "Arissa!"  Trufty replied happily, running up to give her an enthusiastic embrace.  "Come see my new shield!"
  "Ooh I'd love to, did you get the Unicorn like you wanted?"  She asked, drawing confused looks from the others - when had they had time to discuss that?
  "H-Hi"  Smim tried to say, but he was drowned out by Brob and gave up trying to talk to Arissa for the rest of the night.
  "HERE, get some of THIS down you lass!"  The strongman bellowed, handing her his firewhisky chaser, spilling some as his boot pulled him slightly off balance.  His boot and nine tankards of ale followed by whisky chasers.
  Arissa took one sniff and passed the shot back, returning to her chatter with Trufty and giving Brob a momentary 'no thanks, oh and by the way you're a nuisance' look.  Boulderous Brob shrugged and turned back to his beer after downing the whisky.
  After a few more minutes of gossip, Arissa came to Bydalo - evading the slightly nasty look from Sephra who still remembered having her wrists bound - and said she had news.
  "So Bydalo..."  She began to say, playing with the braided side of her hair and smiling innocently.
  "I was sent out to track you sillies down and inform you that you'll be briefed on the mission tomorrow.  It was, like, super easy to find you!  You should think about learning how to cover your tracks.  Daddy sent me to a super fun school where they showed us how to remove all trace of our footsteps!"
  "Tomorrow?  That's pretty soon!  We've barely had a chance to collect our thoughts yet.  I'm going to guess we have no say in this either?"
  A shake of the head.
  "Damn.  I'd tell the gang to hold off on the drinking but to be honest I think that ship has sailed romantically off into the sunset and is about to crash into an iceberg.  Oh well.  Another fun morning awaits us."  He said, knocking back the last mouthful of his pint.
  "What do you normally drink?"  He added, pulling out some money.
  "I love fancy rum but this icky place doesn't look like they have it so I guess it will have to be... cheap rum!"  She replied, clapping her hands.
  After returning with the drinks, Bydalo found out that Arissa was actually to accompany them on the mission as they would apparently need her skills.  That seemed to be one favourable coincedence for a change - he'd wanted a ranger and now they had one for free!  Even if she was a little irritating at times.  Why did some people have to be so cheerful about life?  Did nobody tell them it's a constant kick in the plums?
  The drinks were flowing and they were having a merry old time, dropping in and out of conversations with different members of the group (and tavern - Rack drew a steady stream of girls and Brob was always showing off and winning friends) when Arissa spotted Sephra's precious bottle of rum laying innocently in a bundled up cloak.  She knew exactly what it was, and more importantly what it tasted like.


  After that night, nothing was ever the same again.
________________


CHAPTER 9
BRIEFING AN ELITE SQUAD OF REALM-SAVING PROFESSIONALS
  Because literally nothing is ever the same.  That is the nature of reality.  Plus, Arissa joined the group.


  "WHERE'S MY RUM!?"  Came the harsh yell of an anguised Sephra, ripping through the noisy hubbub of the bar.
  "WHERE IS IT?"  She called again, grabbing Brob by the collar and sticking her nose so close to his that they were almost touching.
  Brob, in good spirits and having had nothing to do with the disappearance of said rum, lifted Sephra like a toy and plopped her on the stool next to him.
  "Haven't seen it missy... hic ... but I think I heard Trufty saying something about rum..."  He slurred with a smile on his face.
  Sephra sprang off the stool immediately and spun the nearby Trufty to face her.
  "WELL?  Where's my rum Trufty?  If you drank it I'm going to shove that shield so far up your-" 
  "Excuuuse me girlfriend, but I didn't touch your rum!  Arissa is the one who has been drinking that nasty stuff all night"  He said defensively.  Arissa turned to him with an utterly scandalised 'I can't believe you just sold me out' expression.
  "Oh thanks a lot!  And after I did your hair for you... hmph!  Yes Sephra, I think I drank some of your stupid rum.  But not all of it!"  She added quickly, seeing the rage building in Sephra's eyes like the fury of a Golden God.  "I shared it with Bydalo, Smim and Rack!  I thought it was for the group!  I'm sorry..."
  Arissa was not very well practiced at apologising and she didn't sound sincere at all.  To her, the rum was something she drank often and didn't find particularly special.
  Sephra, on the other hand, felt like her own child had been taken away from her.  Ripped to shreds by a bunch of ravenous fiends.  She turned to see the guilty faces of the other three who had failed to come up with an excuse to run and hide in time.
  "You... You are the lowest bastards in this city.  On Bog Street they might stab you up and nick your stuff but at least they do it 'cos they're poor and got nothing to eat.  You're scum!  I can't believe I'm stuck grouping up with a bunch o' drink-thieving traitors!"  She ranted.  They burned with shame despite their level of intoxication.
  "Hey now..."
 Rack's buttery voice of charming charmy-ness to the rescue.
  "We're sorry Sephra, we didn't know.  Honest.  Arissa there handed us some drink in our wooden cups.  Come now, I've still got some left, let's drink it up and replace yer rum later?"
  It didn't work, not this time.  Sephra was still fuming and her ire was once more directed solely towards Arissa.  She was new, she was rich, she had given the precious rum to the bumbling idiots.  It was all her fault!
  She stepped foward and pushed Arissa, and the whole of the Pantaloons turned and gasped before following up with some oooh-ing as they tried to egg the two on into a fight.
  "Ladies, please!"  Bydalo said desperately.  "The rum can be replaced, let's not fall out over this!"  But it was hopeless.
  Arissa may have been dainty, but she was not about to take a shove from anybody.  Taking the initiative, she swiftly kicked Sephra in the shin.
  Sephra howled, hopping around and clutching her shin with one hand while trying to punch Arissa with the other.  Arissa was dodging the strikes comfortably and settled into an experienced combat stance while her hair braids danced.
  "Not bad!"  Brob remarked, settling in to watch the show and putting a friendly arm around Smim who looked horrified.
  "REEEEAAAGH!"  Came Sephra's battlecry as she stopped hopping and instead charged forward, ignoring the pain.  Bog Street girls may not have been trained by fancy instructors but around those parts your fighting spirit was far more important than the number of leg lock variations you knew.  It was life or death.
  Arissa may have looked well prepared and confident, but both of them were pretty drunk and their reactions were slow.  She thought she had timed a nice slip out of the path of the charge, but instead spun heavily to the side and fell down as Sephra's shoulder caught her on the way past.  In an instant they were scrapping and wailing, clawing and biting like cats having a turf war.
  The pub clientele was having a great time watching the violence, arguing over who was winning, and telling each other about how they'd do things differently.  Everyone was always an expert fighter when they were on the sidelines with a beer in hand.
  Bydalo turned to Brob, exasperation written all across his face.
  "Pull them apart Brob!  That's an order!"  He commanded, his inebriation adding extra confidence and weight to the words.
  Brob, to everyone's surprise, hopped off his stool and stood to attention.
  "Yesh Shir!"  He said, throwing a salute.
  He tumbled forwards like a human avalanche and grabbed each woman by the scruff of her clothes, lifting them both easily off the floor and pulling them apart.  Limbs were flailing and hair was everywhere in the chaos.
  Rack, seeing the flaw in Brob's short-armed plan quickly stepped up and pulled Sephra a little further away to keep her and Arissa out of each other's reach.  Trufty then followed suit with Arissa, trying to calm her down.
  Both women continued to stare daggers back and forth.
  The pub erupted in applause and cheering.  Coins were thrown forward in tribute.  It was the best fight they'd seen this week - there'd only been a few measly kerfuffles and a ruckus or two up 'til now.
  There was quiet mumbling as the crowd waited for something to happen.  The ragged breathing of both women could be heard as they spat hair from their mouths and rubbed bruised knuckles.  At least Bydalo knew they weren't afraid of getting their hands dirty... if either ever joined them on a quest after this nightmare!
  Rack, still with his arms wrapped around Sephra to prevent her escape, caught Arissa's eye and gave her a look which said 'you gotta apologise'.
  She looked stubborn for a moment, but had calmed down enough to realise that he was right, she'd made the mistake of drinking Sephra's rum, and it was on her to make it right.
  "Sephra..."
  "WHAT, BITCH?"  Sephra snapped immediately.  It seemed she needed a teensy bit more time to cool off.
  "I'm sorry OK?  I didn't know the rum was yours.  We'll all pay to replace it.  Daddy knows the brewer!"  She said with her customary smile, looking to Bydalo, Rack and Smim.  None of whom liked her use of the word 'we'.  They weren't about to debate it now though because Sephra might just explode again.
  Sephra visibly began to relax.  Trufty released Arissa, who stepped forward with her hands extended for a make-up hug.
  Her former opponent shrugged Rack's hands from her shoulders and stepped forward.  
  "RUM THIEEEEEEF!"  She howled and charged once more unto the bitch.
*
  The next morning saw Trufty struggling to wake up, his discipline wavering before the onslaught of hangover depression.  Yet somehow he dragged himself to his feet, wobbled over to the 'window' and opened the shutters.  The radiant morning light blasted in, searing his retina like the cleansing judgement of a righteous deity.  He fully intended to do his morning exercises but...
  "Not worth it honey"  He mumbled, closing the shutters and falling back into a heap on the floor.
  A further couple of hours later, the group began making a more serious effort to wake.  Likely because there was an insistent knock rapping out against the front door.
  "Open the door, humans!"  Came a very nasal, smarmy, and arrogant voice from the outside of HQ as whoever it was continued banging.
  Bydalo took it as his duty to stand up and see what was going on, and so he stumbled into the hallway and 'unlocked' the door.  He wasn't sure what he'd been expecting, but the voice seemed to match the appearance of the unimpressed-looking young man standing before him.
  He had very sunken and sleepy-looking eyes that were bloodshot as though he'd been up all night staring hard at a book in low light.  His head was lazily slouching backwards and slightly to one side as though holding up his immense store of knowledge was simply too much of a burden.
  His short hair was in a 'style' that suggested that it was a mere inconvenience to him rather than a part of his personality, and his clothes were all very dark and looked more like something a young teenager would wear.
  He was fairly short and a little chubby, and he had the saddest excuse for a beard Bydalo had ever seen.  It consisted of a countable number of hairs curling out of his second chin.  He also wore a strange old-fashioned hat that clashed with the rest of his accoutrement.
  "So... who are you?"  The captain asked.
  "Not important.  Apparently the governor wants you idiots to take part in this top secret government mission and muggins here is the only one with the clearance to set you up."  The irritating young man responded, not making eye contact with Bydalo as he ignored the offered handshake.
  He invited himself in and walked straight into the large reception room where the rest were sleeping, taking obvious care not to touch anything.
  There was something about his tone of voice that was painful to listen to.  He sounded as though he felt he was the only person with a brain and those around him were in fact merely shaved apes.
  "Come on, wake up, I've got to get back to head office and do some actual important work..." He said, kicking everybody but Rack and Brob to wake them up.
  "Sorry but... I need to know who you are?"  Bydalo asked again as the others began to stir in confusion.
  The smarmy git sighed with theatrical frustration.
  "I'm the consulting intelligence and scrying wizard, obviously" He said, as though this should have been well known to everybody.
  "The what...?  Wizards aren't real, what are you talking about?"  Bydalo blurted, now wondering if he was really awake.
  "Not true" Brob said.  "Everyone knows that any thirty-year-old man who's never popped his cherry is a wizard!  You've come to the right place lad, we'll sort you out! Ever heard of The Crusty Pantaloons?"  He offered cheerfully.
  "THAT'S NOT... I'm not that kind of wizard and I don't go to total donkey-holes like The Pantaloons.  Their whisky is too weak for me, I actually go to a secret bar where they have double-strength whisky for real drinkers..." The awkward man replied in a condescending tone - as though they might actually believe him and be impressed by him.
  "Anyway, I'm a real wizard.  We exist.  I wouldn't expect cave dwelling monkeys like you to understand the complexities of the arcane so I'm not surprised you didn't know that.  Like I said, I've got to get back to the office so if you'll just stop making noises with your dumb mouths I can get on with my job."  He said rudely, shuffling them to one side of the room and standing before the opposite wall.
  "This one's definitely a wizard.  Or will be in a few years... he doesn't look thirty yet"  Sephra said scathingly.  Probably still pretty angry after last night - and no wonder, considering the scratches and bruising on her face.
  The 'wizard' made a huge show of rolling his eyes and turning to the wall.
  "I'm now going to use my mastery of magic to put you in contact with the man who'll be leading this mission you're about to stumble into and probably die on.  Try not to let your minds be blown, someone did that once when they witnessed my talent and it made a huge mess."  He added, totally believably.
  "Ooh are you going to summon him to us?" Smim said with excitement.
  "Summon?"  The man snorted derisively.  "Summoning is for scroll kiddies.  That's messy.  A real wizard uses subtelty and finesse.  I will be fashioning an extremely complex twist in space-time that will establish a quasi-four-dimensional window through which we will communicate with the idiots in charge."
  He started forming silly-looking symbols with his hands and chanting, doing various poses similar to Trufty's morning stretching.  He looked quite ridiculous, and the gang all wondered if they were in the presence of a total lunatic.
  They'd never heard of wizards being real before, it was usually just stories and the occasional joke aimed at the reproductively unsuccessful.
  But, lo and behold, lights began winking in and out of existence all around the room, steadily growing from small faint wisps into large flashing spheres that left an afterglow in their vision.  The lights would appear spontaneously and then zoom towards a point on the far wall, collecting into a bright white spot.  Nobody could deny, they looked spectral and beautiful.
  The wizard's chanting grew to a crescendo and suddenly he thrust his palms towards the wall, where the white spot had finished growing at about one hand's width.  It instantly reformed into a shape that looked vaguely like a window, but much smaller and more glowy.  The wizard was now pink in the face, sweating profusely, and breathing much more heavily than he really should have for such a small amount of physical exertion.
  "That it?"  Said Rack, raising his customary eyebrow.
  Another exaggerated eye-roll from the wizard.
  "Yes that's it.  You have just witnessed something beyond the ken of ordinary human meatbags like yourself.  I suppose it takes someone of great intelligence to really appreciate it."
  "Don't look that impressive, what we supposed to do with it?"  Brob asked.
  "You use it to talk to someone far away, isn't that obvious?"
  "Well how do we do that, O mighty magician?"  Bydalo asked sarcastically.  Secretly he was pretty impressed - it was real magic after all!  What else was the government hiding from them?
  "Walk up to it.  Have a look.  you'll see."  The wizard replied with a very smug expression on his face.
  Bydalo walked cautiously towards the small white patch, seeing a few little details as he drew closer.  He could see that he was looking through to another room, as if it was on the other side of the wall in Bog Street.
  It was all pretty fuzzy and small so he couldn't make out much - but it was still damn interesting.
  "Go on then, speak!"  The wizard said.  "My work here is done.  The window will fade over the next ten-or-so minutes, so make sure you understand the plans otherwise I'll have to waste more of my crucial time coming back here."
  And with that, he left.  Again, making no eye contact - and also leaving the front door open.
  Bydalo drew to within arms reach of the bright portal and started slowly craning his head forward, trying to see more of the detail that lay beyond when suddenly a bulbous nose and vast moustache thrust themselves through the folding of space and time and into the front room of Bog Street HQ.  Bydalo fell back in shock.
  "RIGHT THEN!  LOOK LIVELY, AND LISTEN UP!  IT'S BRIEFING TIME!"  Came the abrasive bawling of none other than Chief Biggins.
  "STAND TO ATTENTION YOU LAZY WORK-DODGERS!"  Yelled the nose and moustache.  He must have been able to sense their lack of discipline because the window was so small that his eyes were not visible - and presumably he couldn't see them.
  Sure enough, the nose withdrew and the Chief's judgemental eyes appeared, scanning them as they slowly shuffled into a semblence of order.  A severely hungover Brob wobbled.
  "Still haven't learned eh?  Weeeell when this mission is over - assuming you all survive, which if you ask me is a long shot indeed - we'll beat some proper discipline into you.  Can't have the lads looking like a row of wilting flowers before the enemy now can we!"
  The Chief always sounded like he was on the cusp of some great battle, trying to rouse his soldiers and prepare them for death and glory.  Not a comforting thought, given how it sounded as though he was about to inform them of a very dangerous mission.
  "Right then.  Orders.  The governor of the city has, in his infinite wisdom, given me overall leadership of this mission.  Nice to see the brass cottoning on for a change!  I won't be joining you in the field - more's the pity - but I'll be providing support and logistics from forward base."  He began, not waiting for them to say anything.  They probably would have thrown up if they opened their mouths anyway.
  "You'll be reporting to forward base once I'm done with you here - get yourselves to The Hall of Heroes and ask our contact at the door for 'eggs and bacon, no mutton'.  He's an undercover agent and he'll show you inside.  You'll then be escorted to a secret location for further details."
  Bydalo nudged Smim and imitated writing.  When Smim returned a dim look of confusion, Bydalo irritably shoved him out of the way and went to look for Smim's paper and quill.
  "HO THERE, you'll stand to bloody attention when addressed by a superior officer!"  The Chief shouted, again somehow aware of what was going on despite not being able to see them while speaking.
  Bydalo found the items quietly and shoved them into Smim's hands and gave him a light slap round the back of the head.
  "Sir, please continue..."  He spoke.
  "Harrumph.  Sloppy.  In my day we'd never have dared... never mind, time is short.  You'll be given further details later but for now you need to know what you're up against.  The desk-riding softies in Intelligence have estimated you'll be out in the field for up to a week and potentially facing some pretty stiff opposition, so be ready with food and other supplies.  A bunch of rookies like yourself will want to take lots of bandages..."
 The group looked uneasily at each other, most eyes turning towards Smim with some sympathy.
  "... And what's more you'll be seeing some things you've never even dreamed of - that's the words they used - so apparently you're to be ready for intense mental strain.  Not sure what the boffins mean by that but war has always been tough so get used to it!"
  The small magical window suddenly shrank, leaving only the Chief's nose still visible.  His voice became slightly muffled.
  "Looks like we're running short of time here.  Main objective is to retrieve some stolen item for the Governor - apparently it's related to this ongoing investigation into the serial murders.  You'll be happy to help I'm sure since you'll want to prove your innocence eh?  Nothing like a bit of fear to motivate the troops!  Aye, I'm sorry not to be going with you, it'll be a grand old adventure... Oh, and I almost forgot!  Don't forget to bring your sh-"
  The Chief's voice suddenly broke off as the arcane portal rapidly squeezed in on itself, forcing his nose back and leaving a few moustache hairs behind as it winked out of existence.  The hairs floated tragically to the floor in the awkward silence that followed.
  "Don't forget what?"  Bydalo asked in frustration.
  "It sounded important..."  Smim said sadly.
  "It sounds like sh... shahh... shaaoo... Something?"  Brob offered extremely helpfully.
  Trufty clapped once.
  "Don't forget to bring your sense of duty, obviously!  We're serving the people now darlings.  I can't wait to get started!"
  Sephra looked darkly from Trufty to Bydalo and stayed quiet, likely to avoid hurting anyone's feelings with some choice words.
  "Come on now, retrieve somethin'?  Sounds easy cap'n, let's git on up there and get it done"  Rack rumbled, throwing an arm around Sephra's shoulders.  She brightened and cocked an eyebrow at him.  Bydalo attempted to switch into leadership mode while pretending his head wasn't exploding from the hangover.
  "I guess we'd better collect our gear then.  I'm sure the Chief meant something more practical than a 'sense of duty' Trufty but we'll have to make do without.  Hopefully it wasn't important.  Who actually cares about duty anymore anyway?  Also, does anybody know what happened to Arissa last night?  After the deathmatch?"
  "Dead in a ditch hopefully" Sephra said with a grin.
  "I heard her say she was heading back to her father's villa" Smim responded, sounding vacant and staring at the wall where the window had been.
  "Apparently it's not far from my own father's.  I wish I'd headed back that way, Mama's blanket doesn't keep me warm here"
  "Wherever we're going, I'm sure there'll be lots of soft beds and free cheese platters Smim, don't worry about it" Bydalo said sarcastically. 
  "You did write down the details the chief mentioned about where we're going didn't you?"
  Smim nodded.
  "The Hall of Heroes?  I think my uncle has a plaque dedicated to him there"
  "So there's some fightin' in yer blood after all?"  Brob asked with interest.
  "I don't know... Father said something about him blowing the finest retreating note the army had ever heard but I don't know any more than that"
  "Your pride in your history is what astounds us the most, Smim"  Came yet more sarcasm from Bydalo, who really should have been getting into his mature leadership mode a bit sooner.
  "I suppose we'd better gear up and head out then.  Get this over with, and more importantly get paid"  He added.
  
  The group slowly (and with much grumbling) packed up their gear and readied to leave.  Despite the pit of unspeakable obscenity, everyone still made several trips to the toilet.
  They stood ready in the front room, stomachs complaining of both hunger and nausea, and looked to Bydalo to kick things off.
  "Off we go then!  What's the quickest way to the Hall of Heroes?"
  "I heard that going past any bakery or cheese vendor is the fastest route Captain..."  Brob offered.
  "You know Brob, I think you could be right.  I also heard that buying your captain breakfast is a great good luck charm when embarking on a mission"
  "Come on then you cheap git"  Sephra said, giving him a playful slap on the back of the head.  It looked as though her mood had improved with the end of their tenure to the government in sight.
  Oh, how little she then knew.




________________
CHAPTER 10
AN ABANDONEMENT OF PRECONCEIVED NOTIONS OF REALITY
  The squad stepped out into the weak, smoggy daylight of the early morning and blinked until their eyes stopped feeling all scratchy - which took a while.
  Ragged coughs were to be heard, the result of much shouting over the general noise of the Pantaloons last night, and no doubt a few of them were in for sore throats over the next couple of days.  What joy!
  It was at this very moment that a tired-looking blacksmith appeared and handed some beautiful winged horseshoes to Trufty, who clapped with joy and fawned over them with Arissa for a few moments before placing them carefully in his bag for later.
  "Pies."  Brob stated flatly as he stomped his huge metal boot, returning their focus from Horace Winghoof's brand new shoes to the top of the priority stack.
  "OHHH yes PLEASE! I could obliterate a pie right now!"  Sephra added with sudden alertness.  Just moments before, she'd been chewing some herb from her pouch of apothecary goodies and it seemed to be reviving her a lot faster than the others.
  "I third this motion, the motion carries.  Come on, I think the food stalls were this way"  Said Bydalo.
  Smim looked a little green around the gills but the rest quickly followed on to get a bit of healing breakfast pie that would make everything better.
  A short while later, after a pastry massacre (even Smim got a full one down) the gang began the mission in earnest and set off for the Hall of Heroes, burping and joking around with renewed spirits.  Whatever was to happen when they arrived at 'forward base' was just something they'd have to face when they got there.  At least they'd not be on empty stomachs!
*
  The Hall of Heroes was a building that looked far less grandiose than the name implied.  It was made of rough-cut stone like most of the city, and the general architectural theme could be described as "penny pinching".  There were no windows or fancy banners like one might expect to be hanging outside.  There wasn't even a sturdy set of oak double-doors, but instead a measly little single one made of some cheap wood.
  "Hey, wait up!"  Came a feminine voice from behind them.
  The group turned about to see Arissa skipping towards them, a fully loaded adventuring pack on her back and a wicked-cool set of ribboned braids in her hair.  A purple and yellow bruise shadowed her left eye, and a large crystal was hanging around her neck.  Sephra gave her a catty look but stayed quiet.
  "I was ordered to come with you as a tracker.  It's going to be sooo exciting! I don't know much about our mission but I heard that sheep were involved somewhere!"
  Bydalo momentarily strayed out of thought and time and had a vivid flashback of a pale, pimpled arse and the desperate look of a terrified animal.  The words SHEEP BOTHERER echoed in his head like the tolling of a great bell.  It caused a chill deep inside him and he swore the sky grew darker.
  OK that boded well.
  "Sheep?  Sounds like this is going to be an easy job!"  Brob said with his usual confidence.  Perhaps slightly disappointed about the prospect of dragging a heavy metal boot around and not getting to kick anything with it.  Sephra was not so sure.
  "Hold up Brobby, you really think it'll simply be chasin' fluffy sheep around?  Based on how everythin' else has gone so far, I'd bet we're gonna get screwed again."  She grumbled at the short man, taking another herb from her bag to chew.
  "Indeed, the Chief told us we were to prepare for mental strain and injuries - what glorious crusade awaits us I wonder?"  Trufty added.  Bydalo rolled his eyes.
  "Please don't say 'glorious crusade', that makes it sound like there could be all sorts of nasty stuff involved like martyrdom.  I'm hoping for 'casual stroll in an idyllic park' where we suffer the mental strain of spending all day eating fried sausages and playing with dogs..."
  Speaking of which, it was at this moment that a dog approached the group.  It was a golden retriever, with the standard issue golden retriever happy expression and wagging tail.  Though it looked perfectly cheerful, it was pretty shabby and dirty, and didn't have a collar.
  "Hey there pup, who do you belong to?"  Rack said as he knelt down to receive the dog - which had naturally been drawn to him as everything else in the universe seemed to be.
  The dog licked his face happily as he tousled it's ears and neck.  Everyone gathered round to shower it with attention for a few minutes.  Once the dog was satisfied, it moved off the street and sat down by the Hall of Heroes.
  "So... I wonder where this undercover 'agent' is that we're supposed to be meeting?  What were the code words we had to give Smim?"  Bydalo asked.
  "Uhh... It was... 'eggs and bacon, no mutton' the Chief said"
  The dog barked.
  "Eggs and bacon, no mutton... right..."  Bydalo repeated.
  Again, the dog barked.  It hopped up and gently took Bydalo's wrist in it's mouth, and began to lead him to the door of the Hall.
  "Do you think that's-"  Began Sephra in confusion.
  "Don't even ask, at this point I am no longer surprised by anything.  This is practically normal to me now"  The captain responded.  He, the dog, seemed to be the 'undercover agent' they were to be meeting.  It would have been nice if the chief had informed them that the agent was not a human that they could actually talk to.
  The undercover agent released Bydalo's wrist and scratched at the door while barking to get attention, and moments later the flimsy wooden barrier swung inwards to reveal a dark opening.  A strong smell of farm animals wafted out and engulfed them.
  "In we go I guess!"  Said Bydalo in an attempt at a cheerful and optimistic tone.
  The group looked at him to go first - nobody else really felt like going in.
  "Ohhh-kay then follow me".  It was kind of his duty as captain after all.
  He stepped into the gloom (the dog quickly snaking around his legs to get in front) with his head up and chest puffed out, fully expecting there to be something strange and unexplainable going on inside.  Trufty noted his posture with admiration and followed suit, joined more begrudgingly by the rest of the hung over posse.
  Once he was out of the daylight Bydalo noticed that there was a low level of light inside, given off by a few candles in wall brackets, and he could make out a desk.  When his eyes adjusted to the new light level and he saw what was standing behind that desk he almost fainted - despite his supposedly shock-proof state of readyness.
  The creature stood in the manner that a human might.  It had that look on it's face of officious impatience mixed with feigned welcome that all receptionist types share.  
  It was a bloody sheep-man.  That's all it could be described as.  Standing the same height as Rack, it had weirdly straight (and thick) black legs that began with small hooves and disappeared up into short, dense white wool around the thigh region.  It's torso was equally woolly and yet had a powerful look to it, as though there was a lot of muscle underneath.  It's arms were akin to the legs, though they ended with what looked like shrunken hooves on the tip of two chunky yet dexterous 'fingers' and one 'thumb'.  One of these 'hands' was holding onto a leaf of paper.
  Bydalo gaped in total surprise at the sheep-man's face.  It was undeniably sheepy and yet flatter like a human's at the same time.  The skin was covered with short black fur that blended into white wool around the edges and 'beard' area.  He had fierce yellow eyes that blazed out from behind a pair of half-moon spectacles that struggled to remain seated on a disturbingly flat nose.  Cute black ears poked upwards from within the woolen curls.
  "Thank you agent Serenity"  The sheep-man said to the dog in a very jittery, yet stern voice.
  "... Serenity?"  Bydalo blurted out, not really aware of what he was saying as his mind was still blowing chunks to outer space.
  "An ironic codename, given his common bouts of tempestuous rage"
  Bydalo looked down at the happy face of the golden retriever in disbelief, but who was he to question a sheep-man about an undercover dog agent?
  At this point the rest had shuffled around for a better look.
  "What the absolute f..."  Sephra whispered slowly, as Brob coughed awkwardly, seeming flapped for the first time in his usually unflappable life.
  Arissa appeared to know the sheep-man and agent Serenity since she was acting as if nothing was out of the ordinary, dropping to one knee to cuddle the dog with delight.
  The sheep man looked them over before speaking again.
  "I am Woolguard Baarnaby, and this is the Hall of Heroes.  You are here because Chief Biggins instructed you to be so.  I will escort you to forward base.  You will follow me now."
  Without waiting for them to acknowledge, he began clopping off through an inner door by his desk, grabbing a polearm from a simple wooden stand as he went.  Even though his frame did not look graceful nor athletic, the way in which he moved was impressive and he looked very capable of violence.
  "Well go on then, after him!"  Brob insisted with a nudge to Bydalo's back while the group stared after the woolguard, still completely perplexed.  A few days ago they would have thought that seeing some other kind of animal than a scraggly and depressed city pigeon was wondrous - now they had real magic, intelligent dogs and sheep-men to contend with?
  Bydalo led the stumbling adventurers into the corridor, quick-stepping to catch up to Baarnaby.  He noticed that there was loose straw and random dry sheep droppings lying around... that wasn't very "Hall of Heroes" was it?  Was Baarnaby living in here or something?
  They passed several closed doors, each looking a lot more sturdy and foreboding than the front entrace.  All of them had keyholes and were presumably locked.  Most looked dusty and as though they were not opened regularly.
  One such door looked slightly blackened from fire around the bottom, and as they passed a sudden loud and unearthly mewling came from within, causing Smim to jump and hide behind Sephra.
  Baarnaby stopped abruptly, clopping his two feet-hooves together smartly and spinning about to face them, his polearm dressed smartly by his side.  He knocked once upon the door he stood beside and wait for a moment.
  "Passphrase?"  Came a muffled yet familiar voice from inside.  A very nasal voice.
  "Eggs and bacon, no mutton"  Replied the woolguard in a militaristic drone.
  The door opened slightly and the face of none other than the annoying intelligence wizard poked through the gap.
  "I've escorted the contract adventurers from the front entrance.  Agent Serenity brought them in."
  "Yes, thank you I can see that Baarnaby."  The wizard said with a frustrated look at the woolguard whom he appeared to dislike.  But then, he appeared to dislike everyone.
  "If that is all Chauncy, I will return to my duties.  Agent Serenity will remain with me."  Baarnaby responded somberly.  He was always very serious.
  At the utterance of his name, 'Chauncy' the wizard's face contorted in anger, and therefore glowed red.
  "Ooh, hello Chauncy it's good to see you again!"  Brob said in a mocking posh voice, bowing low.
  "Top o' the morning Chauncy!"  Rack added, joining in the ribbing.
  Smim started to say something in a similar jocular tone in an attempt to bond with 'the boys' but was harshly cut off by the wizard.
  "SHUSH!  Chauncy is an appropriate name for a civilised intellectual!  You philistines have no idea about culture."  He adjusted his brimmed hat self consciously.
  Bydalo felt like taking the insufferable know-it-all down a peg.
  "Well actually, Sir Lymon Truft over there is a knight and Smimsbing is our very own aristocrat so I think you'll find that they're both more cilivised and cultured than you"
  Chauncy's eyes bulged, but he could see no logical way of refuting that.  He had no way of knowing that Trufty was only the son of an old, poor knight and that Smim was simply a middle class brat.  After a few moments of intense staring (at nobody in particular) and struggling to control a temper tantrum he pulled the door fully open and stomped back into the room.
  It was a large open space with several cluttered desks and wooden cabinets dotted around in the nearer half of the area.  In addition to the office furniture, there were racks of more polearms, as well as some old shields.  The farther half of the room was divided off by a wooden fence with a simple gate in the middle.  Behind this fence was what looked like a long, low trough just wide enough for a person to lay down in.  In this trough was cloudy, dirty looking water.  In the corner was a pile of the same hay they had seen in the corridor.
  "You brought your mission-critical shears, yes?"
  Sudden understanding dawned over everbody.
  "Ohhhhh that's what Chief Biggins was going to tell us.  Your magic window thing closed right before he told us what to bring.  So uh... well I guess we don't have the mission critical shears then.  Sorry."  Bydalo said awkwardly, his tone shifting quickly from the victory of understanding to the awkwardness of failure.
  "Whadda we need shears for anyhow?  I've got a sword, that'll work!"  Sephra helpfully suggested.  Rack lovingly gripped his colossal and beautiful sword as well.
  "You passed an anthropomorphic sheep-man on your way in.  You are part of a larger scale investigation of serial murders in the area well known to host the most handsome sheep.  You found a curious corpse under the house of an old sheep-botherer.  What do you imbeciles possibly think you could be using shears for on this mission!?"  Chauncy ranted with acidic condescension.
  Trufty stepped forward and lay a fist across his heart.
  "Good wizard, is there some mythical sheep of golden wool we are to track down and shear?"
  The wizard let go a heavy sigh and muttered.
  "Trust that jarhead Biggins to tell you next-to-nothing about your stupid mission... FINE I will explain it to you.  As usual, brainiac here has to do everybody's job for them!"
  He walked lazily over to what was presumably his desk and riffled through a few papers, scan-reading them before spending a painfully long ten minutes telling them what the job was.
  "... So in summation you will find the sheep with the blood in it's wool, shear it, then return the wool to us as evidence in your defense.  Got it?  OK.  To begin with, you will stand before this sheep dip behind me.  Once I have weaved the twisting energies of time and space into the correct geometrical structures it will become a form of portal in which you will dunk your heads - arising on 'the other side' as you come back up out of the water.  Clear?"  He finished, as if he hadn't just spoken complete madness.
  "Um, no, not even slightly.  Mission details aside, are you saying we'll dip our heads in that sheep-washer and when we stand up again we'll be in a different place?"
 "Well done!"  Chauncy said with total sarcasm.  "You seem to be developing a brain Captain!"
  "An' what place is that?"  Brob piped up.
  "The Sheep Dimension, where Baarnaby is from"  He said simply.
  "Ooh fun!"  Arissa chirped, surprising nobody with her endless optimism.
  "What's a dimension?  Where is it?" asked Rack with some anxiety.  Bydalo remembered the rogue's previous insecurity around his intelligence.
  "It's not really a question of where, or even when... it's ... look, it's more of an abstract concept OK?"
  "How far away is it?"  Sephra now enquired.
  "You can't measure the distance it's... like another world that we can't see but we can travel to and interact with"  
 The wizard was now growing impatient with their lack of understanding of what should have been basic knowledge!
  "If we can't see it, how we gonna do the job when we get there?"
  "Excellent point Brob"  said Bydalo "What exactly are we to expect on the other side of the magic water?"
  "Well... I haven't... traveled there personally.  So far three of our agents have made the trip, but only one made it back - agent Serenity.  No doubt his hyperbolic ferocity was what allowed him to survive.  But I believe things look quite familiar and normal on the other side... That's what Baarnaby said anyway.  We're still not actually sure how he got here but he explained to us how to travel there."
  The group all exclaimed 'WHAT?' in unison.  Sephra rounded on him and spoke first, jabbing a finger into his chest.
  "Excuse me mate, but are you tellin' us that this here is basically a suicide run into unknown danger - and you and your 'intelligence' wizard people can't even figure out how that walking fluffbag even managed to arrive HERE?"  
  Followed by a few bonus expletives.
  "Don't get angry with me, you're the idiots who got arrested on suspicion of murder and volunteered for this job!"
  Bydalo stepped to Sephra's side.
 "Ohh but we didn't volunteer Chauncy, we had no choice!  A few days ago we were simple honest folk who just wanted to earn some cash by bashing a few monster rats, and now we're here!  Dipping in magic water to go chasing sheep around in some other world that we might not even get back from!"
  It felt great joining forces with the gang to grumble, rather than being the one receiving the complaints as per usual.  He didn't feel so great about the looming pain and death, not to mention mental trauma, but you have to enjoy the little things.
  "Well, like it or not this is what's happening.  Prepare yourselves, because I'm going to fashion this portal in a few minutes and you're going to go before Chief Biggins comes down here to chew my ear off and waste some more of my precious time."  Chauncy said with finality.  He was such a hateful little git.  He shooed them away into the corner and began gathering things and shifting them over towards the sheep dip.
 Smim leaned in to Bydalo, and the rest huddled closer to listen.
  "Sir, I don't think this is a good idea."
  "Stop quivering Smim, nobody thinks this is a good idea.  Except maybe the Chief, but he probably thinks taking on a bar full of murderers with a string of uncooked sausages is a good idea."
  "He's right though"  Sephra hissed "We could knock out chubby here and make a break for the front door..."
  "Be my guest, I'll try not to trip over your corpse after Baarnaby chops you in half!"  Bydalo replied harshly.
  Sephra gave him a dirty look, and Trufty stepped in to try and mediate.
  "Come on friends, this is the stuff of legend!  Who else can say they went on an epic quest to another world - and in the name of justice no less!  Of course there will be risk, but nothing in this life is safe.  Gather your spirit, darlings, and let us ride forth to glory!"
  "Speaking of riding forth to glory, where's Horace Winghoof?"
  "SHIT!"  exclaimed Trufty, extremely uncharacteristically.  He knew he had forgotten something.  Father would kill him!
  Apparently the wizard could hear their conversation, for he said absently:
 "Your horse will be looked after while you're gone, the Chief will arrange for him to be put up in the guard stables"
  The would-be knight relaxed completely - so long as Horace was safe, it mattered not what happened to his own body for it was simply an instrument of righteous truth and honour.  Horace was just going to have to miss out on this job!
  "It's time.  Get over to the trough."  Chauncy commanded.
  The gang shuffled through the narrow gateway in the fence with great trepidation and stood in a row before the sheep dip.  The water looked quite grey and unclean, and there was green algae around the sides of the trough.  Wonderful.
  "Now.  Wait while I craft my magical powers into the portal construct.  Listen carefully - when I give the order, you are to dip your heads into the water.  Fully submerge your face.  Count to ten, and then lift your heads and stand straight.  You will open your eyes and find yourself in a new world.  From there, try to find a Woolguard for further information - that's what agent Serenity did."
  And without further ado he began the same silly-looking hand gestures and chanting as he had done back at HQ.  It went on for quite some time until he suddenly shouted:
 "NOW! GO GO GO!  Get your heads under!"
  Bydalo had been expecting some visual effect as with the magical window, but saw nothing.  'Oh well, here we go!'  he thought miserably.  He decided not to question how agent Serenity had told them about finding a Woolguard when he was a dog and incapable of speech.
  They all splashed their heads down into the horrible water, which was cold and stagnant.  Despite their best efforts to close their orifices, they could sort of smell and taste it.  Their diving in had caused the water to swill around and they could detect the haunting caress of floating strands of algae passing their faces and necks.
  They all counted to ten (or near enough, Chauncy would never know) and stood sharply, spitting and breathing in the new, clean air.  
  Bydalo wiped his eyes and turned, opening them onto a scene he completely did not expect.




________________
CHAPTER 11
A VICISSITUDINOUS HOODWINKING
  Chauncy the wizard was bent double, wheezing and snorting with uncontrollable laughter.  He was laughing so hard that tears were streaming down his cheeks and a snot bubble expanded from his nostril and popped before their very eyes.  His embarassingly unfashionable hat was squint on his head.
  "What... what's going on Chauncy?  Didn't it work?"  Bydalo asked, thinking he already knew the answer as to what just went down.
  The wizard was still laughing too hard to speak so Bydalo looked to Brob and Rack then nodded towards Chauncy.  The two hulking forms brusquely hoisted Chauncy from the ground, and Brob gave him a little slap around the face to sober him up.
  "Hey!  Put me down you buffoons!  Get off, I'm an intelligence wizard you can't lay hands on me!"
  The two looked back to Bydalo for further instruction.
  "What just happened Chauncy?  Explain yourself."
  "It... it was all a prank obviously.  Even a dumb donkey like you could see that surely?"
  Sephra suddenly became hopeful.
  "So there's no such thing as a sheep dimension, it was all just a joke?  We're not teleportin' away to some arse end of nowhere and never returning?"
  "And that sheepy bloke was really just a regular human bloke in a costume?"  Brob added.
  They all looked around with newly brightened expressions, thinking perhaps they weren't doomed after all.
  The indignant wizard, still being help up in the air with his arms restricted, took pleasure in dispelling their dreams.
  "Oh... no, no no, that's all real.  Baarnaby is real.  You're definitely traveling to the sheep dimension.  The only part that was a joke was the sheep dip - that's literally just what Baarnaby and agent Serenity use for bathing.  He may walk like a human but that Woolguard doesn't do hygiene very well... You may have noticed the stench."  Apparently his hypocrisy was not obvious to the smelly young man.
  "Brob" said Bydalo "I think I just saw a bug land on Chauncy's belly, kindly squash it for him?"
  Brob obliged in his usual subtle way by driving a hammy fist into Chauncy's rotund stomach, causing the wizard to lurch forwards and squeal in pain.  It was most satisfying.  Arissa, who was wringing dirty water out of her spoiled braids, beamed with joy.
  "I think he would like to return to earth now chaps"
  The two dropped him unceremoniously to the floor.  Brob reacted slightly faster to what Bydalo had said, and since he was already nearer to the floor on Brob's side this caused the wizard to fall in a strange lop-sided fashion, landing painfully.
  He lay there for a few moments, groaning softly to himself and coughing weakly.
  "What's the matter Chauncy, don't you find our prank funny?"  Bydalo said acidicly.
  At this point Trufty stepped forward and grabbed Bydalo's arm, turning him so that they saw eye to eye.  The would-be knight had a very serious look on his face that Bydalo hadn't seen before.
  "Captain that was naughty.  The wizard may have been a silly billy but there was no call for violence.  You have stained our honour and I won't stand for this in the future!"
  Suddenly Bydalo's former vengeful wrath evaporated and he felt utterly juvenile.  Trufty was completely right.  For one thing, it was uncalled for to treat Chauncy like that, and would reflect badly on their supposedly professional organisation.  For another, it could only be a bad idea to mistreat a government worker - especially in a place as secretive and dangerous as this.
  "Ahh come on Trufty, ain't nothin' wrong with a lil' rough-housing"  Rack said while Bydalo went through his inner turmoil.
  "He deserved it for sure" Sephra confirmed.
  But Bydalo had now resolved that Trufty had it correct.  It was not on - and they'd be best to try and mitigate the damage they had just done.
  "No, he's right.  We're supposed to be professionals and I'm supposed to be your legit Captain.  Get him up Brob, Rack.  Chauncy, we apologise.  How about we forget about this and get back to the job at hand?  How do we actually get to the sheep dimension?"
  After he was dragged back to his feet, Chauncy gave them all a look of disgust and shuffled, still hunched over, to his desk where he collapsed in his seat.  He said nothing, and the group waited awkwardly for a little while as the wizard regained his composure and settled his emotions.  He pretended to shuffle papers and consider them in the meantime so that he looked important and busy.
  "The true pathway to the sheep dimension is in the containment room.  It's two doors down from this one and the walls are double-thick, lined with lead.  There's a gateway in that room which arrived here long before I did - and knowledge of it's existence is trusted to only a select few individuals.  As you have now been granted this knowledge, you are automatically sworn to secrecy and non-disclosure.  If you tell anybody about this gateway, your lives are forfeit.  Do you understand me?"
 Uneasy shuffling of acknowlegement.
  "Do you understand me?"  He insisted more firmly.
  A chorus of reluctant but slightly more solid affirmation.
  "Right.  Follow me then good little peasants, I will show you the true gateway."
  He rose slightly shakily to his feet and proceeded out of the door without so much as a glance at the squad.  They all looked to eachother with the familiar 'here we go again, out of the frying pan...' expression that had become common in the past few days.
  A quick jaunt down the hallway saw them standing before a mundane looking door behind a grumpy Chauncy who was digging in his pockets in a hurried fashion.  After a few moments he withdrew not a key as they had expected, but a strange glove of some kind.  The material was flexible like any regular woolen mitt, but it had a metallic appearance that almost flowed like liquid.  It was most beautiful.
  He stepped before the door and began chanting the words to yet another spell.  They had to begrudgingly admit that Chauncy was starting to impress them somewhat with his various talents... although it made him no more likeable as a person.  In fact it really had the opposite effect - when you dislike someone, seeing them do something you can't just amplifies your distate!
  He finished up his spell and the metallic texture of the glove flowed even more swiftly, with a soft silvery glow emanating from within it.  Chauncy pulled it carefully over his right hand and marveled at his own magic.
  "You can close your mouths now, apes"  He said as though he was some kind of god.  None of their mouths were actually gaping but they weren't going to bother provoking him further.
  With no further ado, he thrust his gloved hand through the door just above the handle and key-lock and began rummaging once more.
  "The key lock is a fake you see.  To confound would-be intruders into thinking they can merely pick their way in.  Dimwitted thieves..."  He snorted, drawing a slightly hurt look from Rack "... they cannot comprehend the security with which this door is imbued!"
  His hand found that which it was looking for and with a satisfied expression the wizard yanked downwards as though pulling on a handle that was on the other side of the door.  The portal opened inwards and Chauncy withdrew his hand, whipping the glove off and depositing it back from whence it came in his trouser pocket, it's ethereal glow diminished.
  "Neat trick!"  Brob said, impressed.  "I could have broken it down though, saved you the trouble!"
 He was clearly joking, but Chauncy's ability to detect humour was second to... everyone.
  "Impossible.  You may be strong enough to punch defenseless people but this door could withstand the assault of a hundred little bald men."
  Brob was about to retort but Bydalo gave him a quick prod to keep him focused.  It wasn't worth antagonising Chauncy any more than they already had done.
  The group filtered into the dark room, Trufty and Arissa stopping to inspect the other side of the door they had just walked through.
  "There's no other handle here!  what did you grasp, good wizard?"  Trufty asked in astonishment.
  "Of course there is no handle there, did you think I cast that spell on the glove simply for the purpose of reaching to the other side of a door?  The locking mechanism is metaphysical in nature and far beyond the limits of your brain"
  "So the mechanism exists in a state of subjective meaning but not necessarily in the physical realm, though it may have objective consequence upon reality?"  Arissa said, completely blindsiding everyone with this previously hidden side to her.
  "Uh... well... yes that is a rudimentary expression of... the fundamental intransigent super-positionality of magical consequentialism..."  Chauncy replied, not expecting her to know any big words and sounding for all the world like a man desperately trying to blag that he knows more about something than he actually does.
  Smim's eyes glazed over as he gazed adoringly at the back of Arissa's head.
  "Arissa... how do you know that stuff?"  He managed, drawing an approving smile from Sephra.  It seemed her pushing him into the deep end had helped Smim overcome his shyness somewhat.
  The ranger spun to face him with a smile, causing Smim to blush his arse off.
  "Oh, well Daddy paid a man to teach me some philosophy this one time.  It wasn't very interesting but I suppose I remembered some of it!  I used to take one of the books out with me while I was on a hike!  Really I don't see the point of this philosophy stuff though, I think the squirrels and owls know more than we ever will.  True wisdom lies within the crystals!"  She rambled, pulling her necklace-crystal out and spinning it before her eyes.
  If anyone else had said that, Smim probably would have derided them for their nonsense but since it was Arissa he absent-minded said something about her being 'absolutely spot on' and looked away awkwardly.
  Chauncy harrumphed impatiently and ushered them further inside, complaining about their idle chatter.  Once they all stood within the large open room he began lighting candles, and slowly revealed a large shape covered by a dense cloth.  He yanked the cloth away dramatically, unveiling a truly wonderous object.
  It was a large and transparent glass cylinder, roughly six feet in diameter and standing twice Rack's height.  It was rounded at the top and bottom and was housed inside very serious looking metal brackets that held it off the ground, suspended between the ceiling and floor.
  Now that there was some light in the room, the glass cylinder seemed to absorb it and trap it, faint glowing orbs bouncing around energetically within.  There seemed to also be some kind of blacker-than-the-blackest-black cloud going on in the center as well, which the orbs would pass through but not illuminate.  Every so often a miniature lightning flash seemed to happen within the cloud, emitting a split second glimmer of bright white light.
  Upon closer inspection they noticed that there was actually a fantastically crafted doorway cut into the glass.  There were no hinges so it must have been opened by pulling it away from the rest of the container, though the fit was so perfect that it was almost invisible when looking directly on.
  "What is that thing?"  Bydalo queried, not bothering to hide his astonishment.  What was the point when this was about as astonishing as it got!
  "We do not know yet.  All we know is what it does... and it cost us several courageous agents to find out.  We do not even know who created it or where it really came from... it doesn't seem to be of this world.  It was discovered over a hundred years ago and brought here to be studied and protected.  It had to be kept away from the plebs like you who might break it - or do something worse."
  It was amazing how one person could be so interesting and yet so face-breakingly annoying at the same time, but Chauncy was no regular human being.  That's the benefit of being indispensible though - you can be as much of a brat as you want and there's not much people can do about it.
  "So this is what Agent Serenity used to travel to the sheep dimension and back again?"  Sephra asked sceptically.
  "Yes and no.  He did not travel back this way as far as we can tell - though not even Serenity himself knows what truly happened on his return journey.  He departed through this gateway in a special Hectic Environment suit and appeared back in the city several days later, a little bruised and bloodied but seemingly normal."
  "Awwww a little doggy suit!"  Arissa squealed with delight.
  "Hectic Environment suit.  It is not designed to be cute or for your childish enjoyment.  It is to help keep agents alive in unfamiliar and dangerous places."  Chauncy spat back at her.
  "So... do we get one of these Hectic Environment suits each then or what?"  Bydalo asked.
  "Actually, no..."  The wizard replied with a hint of nasty glee "... we did not uh... have the materials to make one for each of you so you will be going in your own gear.  I'm sure it will be sufficient protection."  
  His eyes wandered over Brob's metal boot, Rack's gigantic sword, and Sephra's raggedy clothing as he said this.  The ghost of an irritating smirk wafted across his face.  Trufty proudly readied the Unicorn Shield in answer.
  "A secret government castle with some kind of teleportation thing and a wizard and a magic dog ain't got the material to make a suit?  Smells like trouble to me Cap'n."  Rack chimed in, speaking for the first time in quite a while.
  "Fret not, companions, we shall triumph nonetheless!  I shall be our bulwhark against any denizen of far-flung worlds!  The Unicorn Shield will dazzle our enemies and turn aside their blows!"  Trufty announced dramatically.  
  "I want a heck suit"  Brob said abruptly, sounding a bit like a disappointed child.  Chauncy turned sharply to face him.
  "Well you're not getting one, there are none to give.  Anyway, enough time has been wasted here already.  Form a line before the portal doorway.  I shall open it for you, and you are to enter swiftly."
  "And then what!?  We all die in some sheep dimension and never make it home to see our families ever again?"  Sephra said with frustration.  Chauncy simply ignored her.
  "You will dive headfirst into the stormcloud within the center of the device.  Do not fear, we don't think the trip is painful... in any case, once you are on the other side you are to fulfill the mission as I described and then return at once by any means necessary.  Baarnaby has told us that you may enquire with any Woolguards you find for help, they may be able to point you in the right direction."
  The squad lined up as instructed with some discontented muttering and shifty glances.  Bydalo took the lead and an anxious-looking Brob brought up the rear.  Running and jumpering were not his strong suit.
  Remembering their earlier briefing about the mission in which Chauncy had informed them they were to locate a sheep, they each wondered how the hell they were meant to actually achieve this goal.  Finding a sheep in the sheep dimension?  Oh well, the alternative was probably a death sentence from the Magistrate of the court, so they had to try.  This was adventure right here, the real deal, the stuff of legend.  THEIR legend.
  Either that or an ill-conceived plan thought up by some government incompetents and foistered onto a bunch of hapless wannabes who were in the wrong place at very much the wrong time.  Still... musn't grumble!


________________


CHAPTER 12
AN EXODUS FROM THE COMFORTING EMBRACE OF NORMALITY
  Chauncy stepped forward to the portal and pulled out the fantastically crafted glass door using two suction cups with handles on them, and then carefully laid the fragile-looking glass down upon a prepared cloth.  As the opening was made, the air in the room felt like it was sucked into the portal and vanished to some far flung corner of the universe, leaving them all momentarily breathless until the room resumed it's natural balance.  
  While this had been happening, the lightning bolts within the black cloud had seemed more intense and powerful, and they could now hear a sort of low-pitched rumble that reminded them of a howling wind - but with a very unearthly twist.
  "GO GO GO!"  Chauncy shouted at them.  The background noise was not so loud that it was necessary, but it felt appropriate given the gravity of the situation - they were running and diving into some sort of magical and alien portal to travel to worlds unknown after all.
  Well, nothing else for it.  Bydalo made as if to start running and then hesitated.
  "So we just... run and dive headfirst into the cloud?"  He asked uneasily
  "YES!  Get on with it, I must close the doorway!"  The wizard responded with urgency.  His seriousness was not lost on the group.
  'Right then' Bydalo told himself.  Time to nut up or shut up!
 This time he began running in earnest, and the others watched with great nervousness as he approached the strange glass object at speed.  Their mouths gaped as he launched himself directly towards the black cloud, head first and with his hands before him as though he expected to crash into something - but he simply vanished into the flashing blackness!
  "Oh no, oh no, oh no" Whimpered Smim who was next in line and terrified.  He stood there hovering for a moment and Sephra became impatient and shoved him out of the way.  She adjusted her top and followed Bydalo's lead, confidently diving through the portal as if she was born to do it.
  Rack then followed, equally confident and only just managing to slot has massive shoulders through the gap.
  Smim, meanwhile, was still shaking.  He was wearing some pieces of armour (though he'd abandoned quite a lot of it since he could hardly carry the weight) and he didn't know if he could make the jump.
  "Come Smimsbing, let us journey together!"  Trufty said, charitably taking Smim's arm.  It was reassuring.
  Brob then gave Smim a quick jab to get him moving, and the two took off together.  It was a risky move as the opening was not very wide, but somehow by the grace of providence they made it through unimpeded.
  Arissa and Brob remained.  The strongman gestured for her to go first, appearing for all the world like a gentleman.
 In reality he was more worried than even Smim had been - he had a huge metal boot on his foot and his legs weren't that long!  The jump was going to be difficult but there was no way he was leaving his new toy behind.
  Arissa beamed at Brob and skipped off with glee, leaping lightly and dexterously after the others.
  'Alright old boy, nothing to it but to do it' Brob thought to himself.  He glanced in Chauncy's direction and the horrible sweatball gave him a withering look and gestured violently towards the portal.
  Brob stood and pawed the ground with his regular-booted foot, looking like a bull preparing to charge.  His beady eyes glared at the opening as he judged where he would need to jump and how high.  With one final smoothing of his moustache, he set off, accelerating as fast as his awkward frame and boot would allow.
  He leapt, gloriously soaring through the air like a sack of potatoes being hurled onto the back of a wagon.
  He almost did it.  He really almost nearly came close to just about making it.  But alas, his heavy boot held him up ever so slightly.
  His journey into the portal was fine, but as he flew through the air his boot caught on the edge of the perfectly crafted opening and completely tore through the glass, flinging a few chunks into the black cloud with him.
  The boulderous little man vanished, and Chauncy gaped in horror as he saw terrible cracks begin to propagate through the priceless and timeless artifact.  The splintering of glass could be heard over the thrumming of the black cloud, and it slowly split further and further before finally erupting into an explosion of tiny shards, cascading to the floor and spreading across almost the entire room like a waterfall.
  "AAAAPES!"  He screamed into the now loudly howling winds and cracks of lightning, raising his fist in defiance of the band of incompentent 'adventurers' he had just sent to the sheep dimension.  At least there was almost no chance they'd make it back to annoy him.
  He had bigger problems though, because the black cloud seemed to be expanding in size without it's otherworldly container to restrict it.  This was above his pay grade...
*
  Bydalo lay on a stone floor, nursing the numb arm which he had landed on.  It felt as though when he leapt into the portal he had passed through a curtain and landed on the other side, heavily on his right shoulder.
  Was the floor actually stone though?  it felt hard enough but it looked completely different.  He looked around and realised he was in a square room with some candles mounted on the perfectly smooth walls.  Whatever material the walls and floor were made from, he did not recognise it but it felt vaguely warm to the touch.  Upon first inspection it seemed to be totally black, though closer to the candles he could see a very soft purplish twinkle within the glassy surface.  He could see faint reflections of himself all around.
  A moment later he heard a sharp crack and was then greeted by a flying Sephra, landing heavily on him and making his already bruised arm situation worse.
  "OW!  Geroff!"  He said indignantly.
  "OW!"  Agreed Sephra, rolling away to one side.  "What is this place?"
 "I dunno but maybe we should get out of the way if the rest are coming through in the same fashion..."
  As he said this, Rack appeared with another crack and just about managed to actually stick a landing, rapidly shoving one foot down to the floor before his face got there.  He was way overbalanced forwards however, and took a couple of stabbing steps before collapsing to the floor, his colossal sword rattling.  At least he was out of the way.
  "Wha...?"  He mumbled, looking about in extreme confusion.
  Next came Trufty and Smim together, falling very awkwardly in a pile of flesh and metal.  Trufty's shield flew off, bouncing across the floor and leaving scuff marks, and Smim's limited selection of armour jabbed into both of them.  Another chorus of 'Ow!' followed.  Bydalo and Sephra sensibly set about dragging them out of the way.  Smim had dropped his preposterous flail and it had flown across the room, luckily not causing grievous bodily harm to any of them.
  Arissa, with fantastic grace and reaction time, tumbled as she appeared, rolling smoothly into a standing position and throwing her arms up as though she were performing in a gymnastics competition.  A whole load of random bits of crystal and dried butterfly wings and ribbons fell from a multitude of her pockets however, and she quickly scrabbled to pick them up while avoiding the landing zone.
  Only Brob remained to come through, and they waited tensely for his inevitably explosive entrance.  Where was he?  Everyone else had come through just moments after the last person.  If for some reason he didn't make it, they realised they'd all feel a lot less confident without his powerful presence.
  Just as they were starting to worry about their wee moustachioed friend, they heard the familiar crack.  He didn't fly forwards as the rest of them had though, but instead spun into a tumbling heap of muscle and metal - still carrying sideways momentum that had been the result of catching his metal boot on the portal container.
  He quickly jumped to his feet, adjusting his devastating-looking shoulder guard with the huge spike on it so that it pointed the right way.  It was a miracle he hadn't skewered his own head in transit really.
  "All present and uh... correct!"  He chirped with his usual cheerfulness, throwing a salute.
  "Excellent"  Bydalo responded, taking stock.  "Now all we need to figure out is where the hell we are... this isn't what I imagined the sheep world would look like"
  They all took a look around and came to the conclusion that they were simply stuck inside a dark but well lit stone box of some kind.  It didn't look promising - there was no door.
  "Wow, yet another disaster situation we're in.  Trapped in a weird dark box with no door, probably on the other side of the stars from home" Sephra grumbled, picking a spot to sit down and look sullen.
  Bydalo tried to think of something useful to do so he at least appeared somewhat in control and confident, even though this situation was making his skin crawl while his brain made a heroic effort not to even acknowledge the possibility that they were trapped in here.
  "Rack... have a look around and study the walls.  Maybe there actually is a door somewhere and it's just as finely crafted as the one on the glass portal?  Smim, take a note.  Day one, tra-... currently stationed within a stone box.  Might as well make sure we know what happened on the job."
  A scraping sound came from behind Bydalo, as Brob shuffled his feet bashfully.
  "Erm Bydalo... about that special glass thing..."
  The captain didn't say anything, but he looked to Brob with the pleading expression of a dog owner whose furry friend is getting in position to poop on the carpet.
  "I uh... think I might have caught me boot on it on the way through and uh... well it sounded like it might have been a little bit broked"  He said lamely, eyes shifting with guilt.
  "You WHAT?"  Sephra yelled.  "What if that was going to be our only way home!?  Maybe that annoying Chauncy could have figured something out!"
  Bydalo's palm met his forehead with enough velocity to produce an audible slap.  Brob looked anguished indeed.
  "I'm sorry alright!  I'm not a good jumper... and my legs are shorter'n yours!"
  "And that colossal metal boot definitely had nothing to do with it, right?"  Bydalo said sarcastically.
  Brob, with surprising flexibility, snapped the booted foot into the air as if he were wearing a thin woolen sock.
  "It ain't no question of weight Captain, it were just the height!"
  Trufty, feeling sorry for Brob and for having helped Smim through the portal when perhaps he'd been more needed with the shorter man, stepped over and placed a hand on Brob's shoulder.
  "Go easy on him, it was an accident.  What he lacks in athletic ability he more than makes up for in raw power and there will come a day when the might of Brob is what saves us all!"
  "That's assuming we're not trapped in a stone box forever..." Bydalo retorted.
  "Indeed Captain"  Trufty continued, unflapped by the rebuttal.  "But there's two reasons that our situation may not be so terrible.  Someone had to light these candles - so there must be a way in and out of here, and there must be someone around outside who may be back soon!"
  "And don't forget Baarnaby!"  Arissa said in a bubbly manner, as though this was all just a game of make-believe.  "He didn't arrive through the portal, from what he told me.  There must be another way home"
  "Oh, goody!  Let's all celebrate!"  Sephra said with venom, drawing a catty look from Arissa.
  While all this chatter had been going on, Rack had been searching the room, using not only his eyes but his large hands to scan the polished surfaces.  Smim was also trying to help out since he had already finished his brief notes about the latest events.
  "Where do you think we are Rack?"  He asked the big man.
  "No idea, but this place reminds me of that holdin' cell we were in - just a little fancier"  The rogue replied, squinting at the dark wall before him.
  "Pass me one of the candles down would you little man?"
  Smim, eager to help and extremely happy to even be directly spoken to by Rack quickly hopped over to fetch a candle, rushing back to put it into his waiting hand.
  "Have you found something?"  He enquired.
  "Not sure buddy... maybe it's just my eyes but it looks like the wall is lighter here..."
  He passed the candle flame before the place he was talking about and a weak finger of the light from the flame spilled into what looked like a little square window in the material.  It had previously looked dark since it led to a box sunk into the wall that was the same as the room they were in, only about one hand-width in size along each dimension.
  As the candle drew close however, this darkness was dispelled and the little window-box grew slightly lighter.  Rack brought the dancing flame as close to the window as he could - and was startled (as was everyone else in the room) to find that the entire room rapidly brightened from what was at first a warm candle-glow to a dazzling infinite white that hurt their eyes.
  He leapt back in surprise, the room darkening again as the candle was removed from the litte window.  Everybody had stopped their chattering when the room had initially brightened, and were now looking to Rack for an answer.
  "What just happened!?"  Bydalo demanded of him.
  "Not sure cap'n but I've found somethin' useful.  There's a tiny sorta window over here in this corner... if you look into it you can see a little black box sorta like this here room.  When I moved the candle near it, that's when everythin' lit up"
  "OK that's highly normal and not at all worrying"
  "I dunno cap'n, seems a bit like some of that magic stuff again to me"
  "I know Rack, I was being sarcastic... see what happens if you touch the little window?"
  The big man moved closer to the wall and placed his hand over the window, his skin barely applying any pressure to the smooth surface.  Nothing happened, the candles maintaining a level of light.
  He looked back to Bydalo expectantly, waiting for some more great ideas.
  "Try tapping on it?  But don't break it!  Speaking of which, Brob get to the other side of the room from this thing.  We don't want any more smashed stuff"  The captain commanded with some severity.
  Brob obeyed, but looked a little defensive and insulted.
  Rack gave the window a light tap with one finger tip and the room reverbated with a deep bonging sound that rattled their brains and made their hairs stand on end.  It felt thoroughly unnatural, and everybody made noises of complaint.
  "Right, that's enough evidence gathering for me.  Let's not touch that thing ever again!"  Bydalo suggested.  Rack looked back to him and nodded his agreement.
  "Isn't it fascinating though Bydalo?"  Arissa asked, drawing closer to peer at the little window.  "I've never seen anything like it!  I wonder if this is similar to the magic inside my crystals!"
  She pulled one out and gazed at it in wonder, rubbing it and watching how the light played off the facets of the cheap material as she rotated it in her fingers.
  "Do you think any of those crystals could help us get out of here?"  Smim said to her, his confidence soaring higher than normal because Rack had spoken to him like an equal.
  "Ooh maybe!  Wouldn't that be amazing??"
  There came a sceptical 'harrumph' from Sephra, who had zero belief in magical crystals whatsoever.
  "We better hope so, because otherwise it looks like we're all going to rot in here"  She said witheringly.
  "What if this is like some magical prison where you never die?"  Brob queried, meaning it to sound like a joke but really just further lowering the mood.  Sephra cocked an unimpressed eyebrow at him, but said nothing.  It was Bydalo who answered.
  "Don't even think it Brob, we need to keep a positive mental attitude, right?  As Trufty said, someone will be along soon enough.  Until then we might as well check our gear and supplies.  What sort of food have we got?"
  Everyone began rummaging around emptying pockets and satchels and purses, laying their victuals out on small pieces of cloth.  There wasn't a massive amount, and most of it was not ideal travelling food - dried beef, cheese, biscuits would have been smart but most of them had sugary treats and half-eaten pies.  Brob hadn't even brought water but simply a big flask of ale from The Pantaloons.  'To remind him of home' apparently.  Only Arissa had brought sensible supplies.
  "You lot don't really get adventuring do you?  This is food for a birthday party not a mission!"  He sighed.  "Trufty, why don't you show us some of those exercises you do to keep us occupied?"
  "With pleasure Sir!  We'll get good and loosened up!"  The knight said cheerfully, beginning to remove his heavier gear and laying it atop his unicorn shield.
  They spent the next twenty minutes stretching and moving around energetically, working up a light sweat and keeping the grumbling down to a minimum.  Brob struggled a lot on the flexibility side of things, but when it came to pressups and the like, he absolutely smoked the rest.  He could have any three of them standing on his back and still move up and down like it was nothing.
  "Right, well, excellent work everyone, those sheep or whatever won't know what hit them.  I guess we'll just have to gear ourselves up for a bit of a wait now and see what happens."  Bydalo said between deep breaths, making a mental note to himself that it was about time he got into better shape.
  "I'm gonna take another look at that window boss, mayhaps I can find somethin' that'll help"  Rack rumbled, moving back over to the curious little simulacrum of their present environment.
  "Alright just... don't break anything"  Was the response, although what harm could it really do at this point anyway?  For all they knew they'd be stuck in here forever.
  Smim began unpacking gear from a bag as a light chatter broke out among the group.
  "What you doing Smim?  Looking for a way home?"  Sephra queried him.
  In fact, Smim was being sensible and getting out something comfortable to sit on - his home made blanket from mummy.  Unfortunately it was at the bottom of his kit bag and he was littering the floor with all sorts of bits and bobs.
  He scooched them all out of the way for the moment, lovingly spreading his blanket out to fold it into an improvised cushion that would protect his botty from the solid stone-like floor.
  Just as he sat down and got himself into a comfortable position (leaving his gear still lying around) there was a sudden noise that was totally unfamiliar to the lot of them.  It was a strange sort of watery 'bwoop' as though something was bending.
  As it turns out, it was space and time that was bending because their perception of reality skewed horrifically and shockingly for a moment before settling back to 'normal', leaving them all in stunned silence and with their brains trying to comprehend what had just happened to them.  Everything had appeared to stretch and compress and twist grotesquely, and any sounds had been contorted beyond the usual audible range of human ears.
  A melancholy and unknown voice spoke.
  "Tickets, please"
  "Bloody hell who's this now?"  Bydalo exclaimed, his frustration and constant state of shock getting the better of his manners.  After all, a few short days ago he was just a simple young man who had no idea that magic even existed, never mind inter-dimensional travel and the bending of space-time.
  "Tickets, please"  The glum voice repeated monotonously.
  The voice belonged to a very ordinary looking man in his middle age who was wearing a uniform that he had made very little effort with.  Biggins would have roasted him alive for the tie situation alone, but there was a sort of tragic art to the man's appearance.  His loose, sagging tie knot was hanging around his neck like a noose waiting to be strung up, and his scruffy stubble projected his rough and poorly maintained mental health.
  "What tickets?"  Sephra said indignantly.  The man sighed and began to recite.
  "It is illegal to journey the planes without a ticket, travelers must purchase one before alighting"  
  The depressed man's sleepy eyes looked straight through Sephra and into the abyss.
  "You what...?  We didn't even know we were traveling the planes, we were just told to jump into this weird magic black cloud thing and now we're 'ere"
  "Even so, rules are rules"
  Bydalo decided to cut in before Sephra made things worse.
  "Ahem, excuse me sir we were unaware of such a rule.  Where we have come from, we don't really know anything about all this interdimensional travel.  In fact, we're one of the first groups to come through... perhaps you met one of our previous agents though - a dog named Agent Serenity?"
  A shadow passed over the ticket checker's face, giving him the look of a man who'd just seen his ex-wife.
  "Oh, yes I met that dog.  An insightful soul, but not one to be crossed.  He did explain your situation to me so I suppose I'll let you off with a warning here but it could cost me my job if anyone found out you know?  I hope you appreciate it... It'd be nice to be appreciated for once..."  
  His sad rambling made it sound like losing his job would probably be just the excuse he joyously sought for taking a long walk off a short cliff.
  Don't ask him how he understood the dog.  Don't ask him how he understood the dog.  Don't ask him how he understood the dog.
  "So... Um, thanks a lot!  We were supposed to be going to the sheep dimension, do you know how we get there?  Oh, and while we're on the subject, where the hell are we!?"  Bydalo asked, trying to keep things breezy because he sensed that the ticket inspector might start telling them his life story at any moment.
  "This is planar transit-"
  "What's that?"
  "It's... if you're travelling planes then you come here first to have your ticket checked"
  "But why?"  Bydalo cut in again.
  "It is illegal to journey-"  The sad man began to recite once more.
  "But who do we buy tickets off, and how come they decide how much planar travel costs?"
  Ticket Man sighed again, more bored than frustrated.  He pulled out a small square-ended key and walked over to the simulacrum window, inserting the device into a previously un-noticed hole in the wall.  They all looked to Rack, who squirmed uncomfortably for having missed it.
  As the man turned his device, the little window popped open.  At the exact same time, the wall behind them all also swung open, causing a strong draught of air to swirl around the room.
  "Look, I'm already risking my job for you lot so stop asking questions.  Step out into the station and find the information desk and ask for the Lambda dimension - that's your stop for the 'Sheep World', as you call it.  And mind you'll have to buy tickets for the next leg."  The man said sullenly, turning them and shepherding everyone out of the room and onto the bustling thouroughfare of the inter-dimensional station.
  








________________


CHAPTER 13
A FORTUNATE MISFORTUNE IN THE CENTER OF EVERYTHING
  Ticket Man shuffled off, and they were sad to see him go (unlike his ex-wife) because he was their only source of information about what the hell was going on.  The portal must have brought them to what appeared to be a sparse arrival lounge that probably doubled as a security holding cell, Bydalo reasoned.  What a strange place.
  They were all standing awkwardly, looking like lost children in a large open space.  It was indoors, and the walls and floor were of the same odd material that their arrival room had been - which was a little disorienting.  There was an omnipresent glow of light that was not naturally occurring but had a comfortably familiar ambience, like a sunset.
  They noticed that the large wall-door that had been opened by Ticket Man had slowly eased itself shut, and on the outwards face it had a large, ornately carved number '1337' that was inlaid with a milky pearlescent material.  All along the wall to either side of this door were other, presumably identical little rooms that were opening and closing with regularity.
  There was a constant hubbub of activity around them, with 'people' coming and going, some meandering painfully slow and others quickly weaving around them with frustrated looks on their faces.
  Were they all 'people' though?  Certainly everybody was humanoid and bipedal, though many had odd postures or unnatural looking appendages and fur and whatnot.  It was like somebody had accidentally sprinkled animals into a human soup and this was the surreal-tasting result.  Bydalo had originally thought Baarnaby odd, but here it was his group that were the freaks.
  Sephra finally broke their stunned and awkward silence.
  "It's official.  I'm quitting me home brew, it's muddled me brain and sent me doo-lally!"
  She was checking her pockets, making sure everything was there that she expected - and it was.  She also patted her head and face, as if paranoid that she, too, had somehow become part animal.  They wouldn't believe this back on Bog Street - If she ever saw Bog Street again...
  Bydalo was about to make a witty remark to try and ease some tension but as he opened his mouth, somebody bumped into his shoulder from behind.
  "Sorry"  They said insincerely, barely turning their head before continuing to march onwards.  The rudeness and sudden interruption irritated him greatly.
  "Isn't this adorable?  Look at all the cute animal people!"  Arissa squealed to Trufty, holding one of his hands with both of hers and beaming from ear to ear as though this was the best day, like, ever.
  "Sir, I'm running out of paper for our journal already.  This is all a bit much isn't it?  I don't even know what's real anymore"  Smim said with a shaky voice.
  Bydalo mentally dusted himself off after being interrupted by the impolite humanoid and fell back to his old ways of prodding at Smim.
  "Oh don't be such a flap Smim, it's not that crazy 'round here.  It'll just take a bit of getting used to."
  Smim didn't look so sure, but he said no more.
  Bydalo began to turn, speaking as he went.
  "Let's go and find the-"
  He was interrupted once more as he was bumped into by a heavily cloaked figure with a large hat which unceremoniously fell to the ground.
  What was underneath that hat gave poor Bydalo the fright of his life.  It was the head of a man, though it was entirely emaciated, rotten, and patchy.  There were rags of skin hanging off here and there and in some places there was bare bone peeking out.  From his head a few sorry strands of long wispy hair still hung.
  "Whoops!  Sorry old scout, didn't see you there"  He rattled off, his exposed teeth dancing up and down in a freakish manner and causing an odd 'clacking' sound.
  "You must be new here are you?  Where is it you're off to?  I'm in no rush, I'll give you a hand."  He continued, not seeming to notice their flabbergasted and horrified expressions - or perhaps tuning them out.  Maybe he got that look a lot.  It would explain the hat. 
  Judging by the appearance of the man, giving them a hand might have been meant literally.
  "We're... sorry, I don't mean to be rude but what are you?"  Bydalo stammered.
  "Why, I'm a person, just like you!  It's not all animal folk around here you know!"  the decaying chap responded, sounding slightly surprised.
  "No offense, but you're not that much like us.  I can see your cheekbone!"
  "Well, yes indeed, one may look a little worse for wear these days but I'd say it all adds character, wouldn't you?  There is the odd inconvenience of dropping an eyeball or finger, but apart from that I'm a normal human being"
  He was so charming and proper that Bydalo couldn't bring himself to argue.
  "How is it that you've come to look... so... well-traveled?"  He asked, trying to be polite.
  "Ah, glad you asked!  Travel is the key word my dear fellow!  Around these parts things work a little differently than back home.  If you keep journeying the planes and don't rustle any jimmies you can live a jolly long time!  I was born about one-hundred-and-forty years ago... although I don't remember when exactly."
  Their jaws hung open.  They'd never heard of anybody living anywhere near that long, especially not Sephra whose Bog Street compatriots had a life expectency of about thirty.  Days.
  Trufty spoke up with knightly decorum.
  "Excuse me good sir, what might your name and designation be?  And where are you from, do you come from our world?"
  "Goodness me,  Someone with manners!  Your group has risen in my estimation thanks to this smashing young chap.  My name is Orpington Batchley Esquire, and I'm from a world called 'Towndon'.  Where do you hail from, might I enquire?"  He asked, turning his head to face each of them as he spoke.  The movement caused his grotesque skin-flaps to wobble disgustingly.
  They all looked at eachother, realising suddenly how far up the proverbial creek they were without the proverdial paddle.  Bydalo answered for them.
  "We... have no idea what our plane is called.  We didn't think to ask, but I don't think anybody knows anyway... until a few days ago we didn't even know magic or animal-people existed.  Now we're travelling the planes - which we also didn't know existed - and running into really old walking corpses.  It's been a bit of a shocker to be honest."
  Mr. Batchley's sunken eyes looked upon them with some sympathy (as far as they could tell) and he chuckled.
  "Back in Towndon, all of this was known about before I was born so it seems most mundane to me but I can see how you youngsters could be flummoxed upon discovering such fantastical irregularities in the universe!  You know I'm something of a magic user myself... but I shan't go into that now.  One musn't blow one's own trumpet!  What brings you to the inter-planar station?"
  "That's a long story"  Bydalo replied, not really wanting to rehash it all in detail right now.
  "A bloody stupid one"  Sephra added.  Bydalo let it go and continued.
  "We're on a mission to the sheep dimension, Lambda.  We actually only just found out the true name from the Ticket Man.  He told us that it's illegal to travel wihout a ticket, but we had no way of buying one before we left!  Apparently we have to go and get some for the next leg, but there is a slight issue in that we don't have any money..."
  "Egads!  What miserable misfortune and woe.  I'm not sure what's to be done about your fiscal frustrations, but I can at least show you where to get a ticket - as commiseration for my shoulder barging you.  Come on, gather your things and I'll take you to ask about tickets"  Batchley said cheerfully, fixing his hat back in place and picking up a fingertip that had fallen from his hand in the process.  He tried to stick it back on but to no avail, and so he dropped it into a pouch that hung from his belt.
  Arissa, ever the adventurous spirit, skipped over to the ancient man and offered him her arm with a wide smile.  He looked completely charmed and linked arms with her, muttering some old line of poetry as he did so.
  "Shall we to the purpose my dear?"
  "Come on then, let's be having it!"  Brob stated with confidence, liking the idea of getting things moving again - or maybe just assuming that 'my dear' was referring to him.  His heavy boot clunked into action.
  They sorted out their kit and started following Orpington Batchley Esquire as he navigated the flowing crowds of people and anthropomorphic animals.  Here and there they saw another rotted and ancient walking corpse, though they were not common.  Occasionally, Batchley would wave acknowledgement to someone with a 'how do you do'.
  "Mr Batchley, there seems to be a few of you immortal travelers - do you know them all?"  Smim asked of the old man.
  "Not all, but I've made acquaintance with most.  We tend to stick together, and we've even set up a colony on one plane which people have dubbed 'Ghoul Town'.  A little on the nose don't you think?  We're hardly ghouls!"  He replied, chuckling to show that his offense was not genuine.  "It's worth a visit if you get time though.  a touch melancholy, but a wonderful place with some excellent characters."
  After a few minutes they turned a corner into a slightly busier and slower stream of people and were greeted with a short, wide corridor that ended in an open room.  In the center of this room was a huge glowing presence that appeared to rotate and shift and glitter at random.  It's glowy-ness was of the same hue as the light that permeated the whole interplanar station, and it gave off a wholesome feeling of wellbeing.  It was quite a bit brighter in this space, though they could still make out some crystalline shapes within the glowing presence.
  As the group drew closer, they noticed many soft tendrils of light weaving their way from the entity so that they could touch the people milling around.  They intuited that some form of communication was occurring between the recipients and the entity.
  "Now then my esteemed ladies and gentlemen, I assume you fine folk have never seen the likes of this before?"  Batchley asked, and upon seing their bewildered head-shaking he continued.
  "We refer to them as Ticket Angels.  I've never met anyone that knew any more about them than the fact that they exist here and they handle tickets.  Fascinating beings though - all you have to do is stand near them and focus your thoughts on what you need.  They'll take care of the rest!  Why don't you try it young master Smim?  You seem like a sporting fellow!"
  Smim almost had a heart attack as his name was brought up.  He had been more than happy trundling along in the background, letting Bydalo take responsibility.  He was the leader after all!
  "Me Sir?  Bydalo's in charge, he knows better!"  Smim protested, looking to Bydalo for rescue.  No such rescue was forthcoming.
  "Hmph!"  Batchley exclaimed, reminding them for a moment of Biggins.  "That'll never do!  If you don't learn to take action then you'll forever be a spectator in life's great game.  Step forward, come on I'll join you!"
 Orpington Batchley was an extremely odd person, but he was really growing on Bydalo.  He may have been smelly and revolting on the outside, but he was endlessly cheerful and excessively polite, and he seemed to do things properly.  That was something the captain highly approved of.  Plus, he'd pushed Smim into doing this awkward task.
  Smim stepped up to Batchley, looking nervously to the others for support.  To his surprise they looked encouraging and supportive - and of course relieved not to be the ones interacting with the glowy thing.  Rack patted him on the shoulder and his resolve was bolstered.
  "So... what do I do again?"  He asked.
  Batchley reiterated his earlier instructions about stepping close and thinking hard on what you needed.
  With new-found confidence, Smim stepped forward again to bring himself amongst the people who were interacting with the being and he screwed up his eyes and began to focus like he'd never focused before.  Almost immediately a tendril of light broke away from the entity and lazily drifted over to caress his forehead.  A sense of peaceful bliss came over him, and all his surroundings evaporated from his consciousness and it was as though he were alone in a void with this wonderful creature.
  "Ay yo"  It said in a voice that was nothing like he'd have expected.  The voice came from nowhere of course, as there was no mouth on the Ticket Angel.
  "Whatchu want boy?  I'll hook you up"
  "Uh, well me and my friends all need tickets to the ... Lambda plane!  But our people have never traveled the planes before, we didn't know to bring money"  Smim replied, still feeling quite confident despite the predicament.
  "Ain't nothin' but a peanut my man.  You don't pay for tickets with cash, you feel me?  Imma need a favour from you and yo boys."  It said, sounding ever so slightly machiavellian.
  Smim was in too much of a good mood now that there was a solution presented and he was going to be the heroic one to negotiate it for the team.  He agreed enthusiastically and the Ticket Angel informed him of the task they were to fulfil.  It then returned his consciousness to where it had been and withdrew the tendril with a 'catch you on the flip side'.
  "I did it guys!  I got us the tickets!"  Smim said with glee.
  "Where are they then?"  Sephra asked before some king arrived to celebrate and pin a medal on his chest.
  "Oh... uh..."
  Batchley chuckled again at their ignorance.
  "Well done my boy!  All of you, hold your closed fist before you and then open it and see what lies in your palm."
  They did so and, as if by magic, each of them opened their fist to reveal a brightly glowing disc that was about the size and shape of a coin.
  "Quite magnificent aren't they?  Wish I knew how they they made them.  The things I would create..."  Batchley said with a wistful look in his eyes.
  Bydalo had that nagging feeling of impending doom once again.  Smim was far too happy and excited and this couldn't mean anything good.
  "So what did you do for payment Smim?  I'm assuming we didn't get these tickets as freebies"
  "The ticket angel said that all we have to do is collect a fine from someone on the Lambda plane - they didn't pay their for tickets you see."  Smim replied nonchalantly.
  "Um, so who is this person and why would they give money to us instead of running away or even killing us, Smim?"  Bydalo said back with gritted teeth because he knew exactly where this was going to end up.  Disasterville.
  "Uh... the Ticket Angel didn't... mention that.  It'll be OK won't it?  They'll be reasonable"  The weedy lad mumbled, his temporary confidence buff lost.  Rack came to his rescue.
  "Aw lay off Cap'n, we needed the tickets and Smim got 'em.  I know a little about man-trackin' so I can find 'em.  All I needs is a name."
  He looked to Smim for the answer, which turned out to be 'Freki'.  Didn't sound too bad, it could have been a kindly old woman who forgot her purse for all they knew.
  "Alright then well I guess we at least have an objective now.  Find Freki, then get on with the mission for Biggins.  It's better than rotting away here doing nothing!"
  Upon finishing the sentence Bydalo realised he'd just made a terrible faux pas and he looked to Orpington Batchley with an apologetic expression.  Batchley merely waved a gruesome hand and chuckled.
  "OK then let's get going.  Batchley, Sir, how do we know which box to get in for our journey?  And how do we open them?"  Sephra chipped in, as eager as Brob to get going.  Her upbringing was evident in the way she said 'Sir' as though it was almost a curse word.
  "Follow me my young starlings, I shall take you the rest of the way.  It's rather a similar thing to the buying of tickets - you choose a box and you think on what you want and the rest takes care of itself.  Rather a neat system don't you think?"  
  He smiled benignly, gesturing for the group to lead back out into the main thouroughfare.  They weaved their way through the crowds, feeling like boats navigating a choppy sea, until they stood next to the wall of numbered boxes which were their vehicle for inter-dimensional travel.
  "So it doesn't matter which one we go to?"  Brob asked of Batchley.
  "No, one simply stands near a door with a bit less of a crowd and begins thinking on one's destination.  Sometimes you have to wait a little while since as you can see it's a tad busy.  Why don't you try this one, number '322'?  I shall be on my own way once you've departed."
  "Ok then, everyone gather up and get ready to hop in once the door opens.  Let's get going as quick as we can.  Mr Batchley, thank you for your help.  I'm very glad you bumped into me!  We'd have been a bit stuck otherwise."  Bydalo said, feeling a bit sad at the thought of potentially never seeing this fine chap again.
  "Don't mention it old boy!  Happy to help.  It's not like I'm running out of time is it?  Hoho, oh enjoy your travels dear folk, there is much to see in this grand universe!"  He replied, his sunken eyes staring off at nothing as he daydreamed of glorious exploration.  
  He suddenly snapped back to reality and raised one finger as if indicating for them to hang on.  He rummaged around in his bag and withdrew an old and very tarnished metal teapot, with a pouch of tea stashed inside.  He handed it to Sephra when he saw her eyes light up at the prospect of brewing.
  "Take this with you my dear.  If you are ever in need of a guide, set this teapot on a fire and brew up a batch.  By the time it's ready, I'll be with you!  You'll remember I said I had a little magic in me.  I can't promise I'll be of much use to you, but at the very least a cup of tea never made any situation worse, and let it never be said that Orpington Batchley Esquire missed afternoon tea!  Towndon would fall!"
  "Thank you Mr Batchley.  Thanks for everything, and good luck on your travels.  Here we go team, let's try and finally make it to the sheep world.  I'm itching to get out of here now."  Bydalo said, thinking of shaking hands with Batchley but then deciding it might be best not to.  A dessicated hand was one souvenir he could do without.
  Batchley looked on as they turned to door '322' and closed their eyes.  It took a few attempts as other people beat them to it, but eventually the door opened and they were able to scramble inside before anyone else.  The old adventurer looked on as the door slowly closed, giving a slight wave and a smile before finally turning to make his way to his own new destination.
  
  A short distance away a menacing figure turned away from where it had been standing and watching, and melted into the crowd.  It had seen enough, and it knew what must be done.
________________


CHAPTER 14
POULTRY FOETUS AND PORCINE SLICES, NEGLIGIBLE MUTTON
  As the door closed behind them, Arissa spoke.
  "So how long do we think it will take to get... there?"
  Her sentence was broken momentarily, the last word heavily muffled as her face slapped down on fluffy green grass.  She pushed herself up and looked around, feeling relieved to see the large, familiar rump of Brob, as well as the prone figures of the rest of the group.
  "Wha-...?"  She said, shaking her head and trying to make sense of her surroundings.
  The room they had been in had disappeared in the blink of an eye and the planar travel had left them all flopped on the luscious green ground.  Her nose hurt from where it had booped the turf.
  The grass was extremely green.  It was beyond luscious.  It smelled heavenly and it danced slowly in the light breeze that was keeping her pleasantly cool despite the blazing and radiant sunshine.
 She looked down to where her hands were supporting her weight as she made to stand and squeaked in surprise when saw then that her hands were not her hands.
  Well, they were, but they weren't as she knew them.  The skin was brighter and seemed to have less surface detail, and also stood out in bold contrast against the grass.  The hand itself seemed larger and of different proportions, but was still recognisably hers.
  She stood hurriedly, inspecting her gear and looking to the others who were also getting to their feet and exclaiming their surprise.  Her clothing was all still the same, though it had that same bold and simplified appearance that her hands had.  It looked even more adorable than normal, as if kissed by a rainbow.
  Her head turned to Brob to take in his ruddy face and she noticed that his chunky moustache looked soft and colourful, and his eyes were glowing the sparkling blue of a fresh mountain stream.  Even he somehow seemed ... cuter than normal.
  "Oy Arissa, what's goin on with that pretty face of yours?"  Brob asked.
  "My face?  what's going on with your face?  You look all soft and cuddly!"
  Brob looked hurt and pouted.  "I'm always cuddly, I dunno what you're talking about."
  "Isn't this fantastic?  I love Lambda!  Look at the fields rolling across the hills forever!  and there are sooo many pretty daisies everywhere!"  Arissa squealed as she looked about them, not bothering to soothe Brob's wounded spirit.
  It was indeed tranquil and idyllic, and there was a great sense of contentment about the place.  It was gorgeously warm and pleasant.  From a great distance they could hear some faint baa'ing from the inhabitants of this lovely plane.
  As a shellshocked Brob was asking Sephra if she thought he was cuddly back home, Bydalo spoke up.
  "That was interesting.  Those transport rooms confuse me - why would it just disappear?  We didn't even have our ticket checked!  What's the point of that?"
  Rack looked to him.  In this place he was even more stupidly handsome than usual.
  "I dunno cap'n but this here place is damn fine.  Maybe findin' that Freki and gettin' the money outta them is gonna be a cakewalk?"
  "You know I've always wondered - what actually is a cakewalk?  Is it where you walk holding a cake?  Or you put a cake on a leash and take it to the park?  What's so easy about it?"  Smim asked.
  "I have no idea Smim, but why don't we all take a nice long pause here in sheep land and discuss the etymology of the phrase 'cakewalk'?"  Bydalo snapped back, leaving Smim feeling foolish as usual.  Trufty stepped over to them and raised his shield.
  "Look upon my shield companions, behold the Unicorn!  It's even more majestic than usual!"
  They ooh'd and aah'd as they gazed upon the shield, the inlaid Unicorn now glowing a vivid and glorious purple that cast a faint light on anything nearby.
  "I wonder if me special brew..." Sephra began, rummaging around in her many pockets and withdrawing one of the few remaining flasks she had.  She unscrewed the cap and poured a little out onto the palm of her hand and it too was glowing faintly.  She turned her hand over to drop it to the ground and as it splashed onto the grass a tiny little cloud of pink dust puffed upwards and emitted a sweet smell.
  "I love this place."  She said simply.
  "OK enough enjoying life.  We're here to get two jobs done now and I would like to get them finished and get back to reality before I genuinely go insane.  Gather up your stuff and let's head roughly North - That's as good a place to start as any.  On your feet Smim"  Bydalo commanded, hoisting the rich boy up and dusting him off, though he was immaculately clean.
  Everybody looked around a little awkwardly, perhaps because their navigation skills weren't too sharp.  Arissa would have known in a heartbeat, but she was preoccupied giggling and prodding the giant bouncy daisies around her feet.
  "Uh, Cap'n, maybe it'd be better if we head toward them sheep sounds - if there's sheep then maybe there's a shepherd?"  Rack suggested in his buttery voice.
  This animated the group a little more as they responded to Rack in the usual positive way.  It helped that his idea was much smarter than Bydalo's had been.
  They set off in the vague direction of the herd animals, laughing to eachother as they found that they felt lighter than usual and the ground had a peculiar spring to it.
  "Even me boot feels weightless!  But you know, everything feels light to old Brob!"  Said the squat little man, leaping gracefully ahead of the group to demonstrate a flying kick.  Not bad for a man of his proportions.
  He continued his high jinks by picking up Arissa and tossing her into the air, the two of them giggling as she landed comfortably back in his arms.
  Bydalo smiled at the bonding that was going on but he didn't want to get distracted.  Everything looked all colourful and happy right now, but he refused to believe that the universe wasn't about to bite them on the rear.  Baarnaby was from this place and he was a 'Woolguard' - and that implied that there was something to be guarding against.
  He nipped ahead of the group and walked backwards for a moment so that he could talk to them all directly.
  "OK, OK, keep your eyes out people.  Remember what Biggins said about mental trauma..."
  "I stand ready Bydalo!  Though Arissa and I never had the chance to braid my hair up properly for the mission."  Trufty said with some faint disappointment.  You had to look your noblest when on a mission.
  The group ambled forwards, enjoying the warmth, the open air, the pleasant smells and the gorgeous scenery.  Everything here had a feeling of permanence, as though it had never changed and would never deviate from the unending cycle of nature.  They chattered and joked with eachother to keep from becoming bored of the uneventful day.  They investigated eachother's strangely-familiar-but-different features in this new world.
  After a good while walking they drew close to the sheep that they had been hearing.  They were milling around on the side of a squat hill across a stream from the group's own hill, munching on grass and baa'ing away, and from this proximity the gang could make out what looked like a couple of Woolguards, keeping a watch around the perimeter of the sheep.
  "Let's get down across the stream and back up the hill on the other side.  We'll see if the Woolguards can speak our language like Baarnaby, they might have some info for us"  Bydalo suggested hopefully.  So far, so good.
  They trotted down the hill to the edge of the stream, which was small enough that they could all jump it or be given a helping toss by Brob.  The little man himself wasn't the best at leaping but he made it without getting a free wash.
  As they started up in the direction of the sheep a Woolguard approached them.  They could now see that it was wielding a wooden branch that resembled a staff - and was marching forwards with it lowered in their direction.
  "Hello there!"  Trufty raising his heirloom sword in salute and speaking with a slightly raised voice, hoping to sound non-threatening.
  The Woolguard froze and stared at them for a moment with an extremely stern look on his face - though it was hard to tell because of it's alien nature.
  Suddenly he threw his head back and let out a tremendous 'baa' that echoed through the hills around them.  Without further ado he resumed his march.
  As he got to within charging distance of them he stopped and stood to attention, holding his staff-branch smartly by his side.  Moments later two other Woolguards came trotting over to join him.
  "Looks like we've got the beginnings of a herd here!"  Bydalo joked, hoping to ease the sudden tension.
  "WHO ARE YOU?"  The central Woolguard demanded in the same powerful but jittery voice that Baarnaby possessed.  All three lowered their weapons into a fighting stance.  At least they spoke the same language.
  Taken aback, the captain raised his palms to show his peaceful intent.
  "We're hired adventurers!  We've been sent to your world on two missions of retrieval."
 "How do you know of our world?"
  "One of your kind, a Woolguard named Baarnaby, appeared in our world.  With the help of a wizard we managed to transport ourselves here.  Baarnaby didn't really know how he got to our world but we were hoping you might know something.  Otherwise we might be stuck here."
  "Baarnaby is known to us, as are all of The Great Flock.  His presence is sorely missed.  We could use his help."  The left Woolguard said, looking to the central member of their trio who appeared to hold authority here.
  "Yes indeed.  These are dangerous times for The Flock.  We have lost too many Woolguards in recent weeks.  I am Woolguard Peepridge."
  The leader relaxed his posture and moved his branch to his side, indicating that they seemed to trust the group.  Peepridge had remained expressionless throughout the conversation, though there was a hint of strain and anguish in his stoic voice.
  "What troubles you and your flock, good Sir Woolguard?"  Trufty offered, intrigued by the sound of a potential 'just cause' to get excited about.
  "The Lupredators.  They have always attacked The Flock and we have always guarded The Flock, it is the way of things.  However they now grow more aggressive and cruel."
  "What's Loop-redditters?"  Sephra asked in her barbaric Bog Street accent.
  "They are that which feasts upon sheep."  Peepridge's third companion said simply, as if it was the most obvious thing in the world.
  "Like... wolves?"  Arissa queried him.
  "There are wolves here, but Lupredators are... something else.  As Woolguards are to The Flock, Lupredators are to The Pack."
  "They sound like cheery fellows, can't wait to meet some of them."  Bydalo whispered to Brob.
  "Don't worry about it, we'll smash those doggies!"  Brob said loudly.  All turned to look at him.  The Woolguards looked curiously at Brob but said nothing more on the matter.
  "You spoke of two missions.  What are they?"
  "First of all we need to find someone called Freki.  They did not pay for a ticket for their transport to this plane of existence - don't make me explain what a plane is because I don't really know myself.  Second, we need to find a particular sheep with blood-stained wool.  We were hoping you might be able to point us in the right direction for either of them?"  Bydalo asked.  The Woolguards looked to eachother uneasily, and Peepridge chose this moment to drop some little black sheep nuggets.  He acted as though this was a perfectly normal thing to do during conversation with a stranger, but the gang were horrified.  They remained polite however, as they were the outsiders here and didn't have the best track record when it came to offending strangers over the last few days.
  Peepridge continued on, oblivious to their discomfort.
  "The second request we cannot help you with, as we know of no such sheep, but the first is something you should reconsider.  We know of Freki, he is one of the Lupredators and is particularly savage and dangerous."
  Rack, taking the hunt for Freki upon himself, joined the conversation.
  "We don't got much choice.  If we don't collect Freki's debt then it's us who will be gettin' hunted.  Where we might we be findin' him?"
  Woolguard Peepridge lifted his staff and gestured his head over one shoulder.  An ear flicked out at a cute bimbling fly.
  "I will take you some of the way.  My two companions will need to return to their duties.  Come."
  They were anthropomorphic sheep-creatures of few words this lot.
  "Thank you, we're ready when you are."  Bydalo responded.
  Peepridge began climbing the slope towards The Flock, his hooved legs propelling him effortlessly up the moderate gradient - aided by the strangely bouncy floor.  Arissa jogged to catch up to him and began querying him about local flowers and roots in her usual excited tone.  Sephra joined the two of them, hoping to find out about any special ingredients she might use for making booze.  She still seemed a little cold toward Arissa for her rum-thievery.
  Very soon they had passed the group of seemingly ordinary dull sheep and were heading down the other side of the small hill.
  "I can go no further, I must not leave The Flock."  Peepridge said, stopping suddenly and snapping to attention.
  "Is that it?  We've only gone about fifty paces!"  Brob blurted, cocking an eyebrow and looking to the Woolguard.
  "I must not leave The Flock.  From here you will need to navigate Westwards and look for more Woolguards to aid you - they will know of Freki."
  Bydalo sighed, not really sure what he had expected.  A casual stroll over the pleasant hills, letting someone else take charge for a while?  No chance.  This whole captaining thing was pretty intense and if he was honest he just fancied a pint right about now.
  "How do we know which way is West?  The sun is directly above us"  He asked.
  "How odd."  Peepridge said, sounding not at all interested.  "We derive West by observing The Flock.  You will notice they all face roughly the same direction.  They face East."
  "Why's that?"  Bydalo asked, silently wondering at Peepridge's reaction to his words about the sun.
  "It was always so."
  Bydalo thought he'd better leave it.  Sheep back home were pretty unoriginal thinkers, and it seemed they might be the same here.
  And so they set off to the West, eventually running into more Flocks and Woolguards, and were given the same 'go West' instructions of Peepridge.  They began to wonder if it had actually just been a joke, or a quick way of getting them away from The Flock.  Maybe this whole plane was one big wind-up?  It did seem a bit too whimsical.
  "My feet are sore"  Smim complained from somewhere in the back of the troop.
  "Same 'ere Smim, I've got me metal boot on so how'd you think I feel?"  Brob responded, retaining his usual cheerful bluster despite joining in the complain-fest.  
  Bydalo was also feeling a bit raw around the heels of his feet and a bit empty in the stomach so he called a halt for a break when they neared some tufty rocks that looked good for sitting on.
  Everyone began pulling out whatever food they had - mostly sugary treats that did not make for good traveling food - and got stuck in.  The break, the chow, and the chatter refreshed their spirits and when it came time to set off again they were feeling more optimistic.
  "Has anyone noticed that the sunlight doesn't seem to have changed?"  Bydalo asked, the fact that they'd been walking for a couple of hours and the sun yet looming directly above them only now occurring to him.
  Arissa trotted over and linked arms with him.
  "Yeah!  It's super weird, right?  It's lucky that the sheepsies can show us which way is West or we'd never find our way!"
  "Maybe it just never gets dark here.  I'm not sure if I like that or not"  the Captain replied, musing.
  "This place would be great for picnics... with a few good brews"  Sephra said, day-dreaming about getting smashed on a grassy knoll.
  "But if it never gets dark then sleeping might be an issue!"
  "Dunno about you cap'n but I ain't feelin' any tired yet"  Rack pointed out.  He had a great way of stating things that should be obvious that everyone else somehow missed.
  The group agreed that though they had walked a good long distance, they weren't feeling any more tired.  They also agreed that it was pretty nice.
  Bydalo shrugged and smiled, enjoying something going their way for once.


  After some more walking they began to hear the now-familiar sheep sounds from over the next hill and their pace quickened a little as the hope for some exciting new information grew.
  Before they could crest the hill however, a new sound greeted their ears.  A haunting sound which sent a chill up their human spines.  This may have been the sheep world, but back home the same danger walked the earth and it was very real.
  Collective howling filled the air, the throats of many wolves joining in a bloodcurdling choir which foretold of the eternal struggle for survival.  A light course of adrenalise pulsed through their veins and they all looked uneasily at eachother, gripping weapons and shaking slightly with apprehension.
  "That doesn't sound friendly."  Bydalo stated in a dead monotone.
  "What shall we do?  We could hide?"  Smim queried, his body language painting a vivid picture of fear.  Trufty placed a hand on his shoulder to steady his heart.
  "Of course we shall not hide, dear Smimsbing!  Noble brother sheep are in the lurch and we shall not abandon them in their darkest hour!"
  "Well said!"  Brob added.  "Let's get them pooches!"
  He did some casual stretches, rolling his shoulder around the socket to limber it up.  He was ready to do some very spikey spear tackles with his new armour plate.
  "I think Trufty's right, we are guests here and the sheep have treated us well.  We need their help and I don't think we can really ask for it if we won't return the favour"  Bydalo said, acknowledging Trufty's drive for heroic action while also selling the common sense aspect of it to the others.
  "Has anybody ever encountered a wolf before?"  He asked of them.  How did you fight one?  He had to be honest, he was pretty terrified but he tried to hide it.  Arissa answered him.
  "I've never seen a real wolf, but I read that if you can grab it's two front legs and pull them apart it will split it's chest cavity open!"
  "Delightful."  Came Bydalo's sarcastic response.
  "... And if you absolutely can't escape getting bitten, let it chomp down on your left arm so that you can poke it's eyes out with your right!"
  Bydalo didn't understand how of all the group, Arissa seemed the least frightened.  The way she talked it was as though they were off to the seaside to ride a pony and eat candied apples.  Despite cheering the thought of blinding a wolf, Brob was looking a little tense.
  "Where'd you read that?  A wolf horror novel?"
  "No, silly!  A Woodsman's Way, part 2 section 2!  I love that book.  It also tells you how to secure a rampaging badger using only a turnip and a backpack"
  She would have continued but Bydalo held up a hand.
  "Sounds great, you can tell us all about it later if we're not resting in a wolf's belly.  Everyone, get your weaponry ready and stay close.  Try not to let them surround us.  Let's go!"
  He gave the command to move before anyone (himself included) had any chance to worry too much about it and began jogging up the hill, wondering what would greet them on the other side.
  There was a long rasping sound as Rack drew his colossal sword, hefting it in front of him to get a feel for it.  He looked ready to take on an army, as opposed to Smim who stood fretting in his mismatched and ill-fitting armour pieces, the weight of his preposterous flail dragging him down.  He had it hanging across his shoulders and it could not have been comfortable.
  Bydalo gave his own short spear a few practice stabs to get a feel for it.  It bolstered his confidence a little due to it's sturdy construction and satisfying balance.
  "Arissa, what do you use for fighting?"  Trufty asked of his gal pal.
  She pulled a lethal-looking slingshot from somewhere about her person and twirled it around.
  "I used to use it to keep boys away from my ponies!"  She replied, sticking her tongue out cheekily.
  Sephra had remained quiet, but wore a determined grimace on her face as she drew her battered piece-of-junk sword.  Though she was afraid like the rest of them, she naturally gravitated towards the front of the group as though prepared to be on the front lines.
  They kept walking up the hill and finally crested the ridge to see what awaited them on the other side.


  They were too late.


________________
CHAPTER 15
IN PURSUIT OF LUPREDATORS
  A gang of several wolves were making off towards the next hill to the West, bits of sheep clenched in their feral jaws and one or two live ones being dragged off for later feasting.  Though they were predatory murderers, they seemed cuter than Bydalo had imagined wolves to be.  Their fur was sleek and soft, and their bushy tails wagged happily as they yipped in victory.
  That didn't change the fact that the scene before them was grisly and disturbing.  Luxurious white fluff was strewn across the grassy field, and there were little bits of sheep scattered here and there - but strangely almost no blood.  The group jogged down the slope to where a single Woolguard lay, gasping and bleating in pain, his weapon several feet away.
  "Are you alright?"  Trufty gasped, casting down the unicorn shield and kneeling by the Woolguard's side to inspect him.  He had been savaged by ragged teeth and there were wounds all over him - though again, very little blood.  It seemed that nobody bled much in this dimension.  That was a big improvement over the rats they'd mashed.
  Bydalo thought it was a ridiculous question to ask since the Woolguard was obviously dying a slow and painful death, but the empathic part of his brain finally kicked in and reminded him that Trufty was simply trying to help.
  The Woolguard coughed and spluttered for a moment before responding somberly.
  "I... I have failed The Flock.  I will not... survive.  You must help them.  Some yet live!"
  It seemed dubious given the nature of the cheerful wolves clutching sheep in their mouths and dragging them away, but the gang weren't about to crush the last hope of a dying anthropomorphic sheep man.
  "Fear not Sir, we will avenge you and rescue your charge!  We are on the trail of Freki and were heading in their direction anyway."  Trufty said to him in a dramatic voice, holding one hand across his chest as though swearing an oath.
  A shadow of fear crossed the Woolguard's face at the mention of Freki's name, but he said nothing more of that issue.
  "My name... is Woolguard... Bushill.  If you find my wife, Lambraiser Merino, tell her... tell her my last thoughts were of her..."
  They promised to do so, though they had no idea how they'd find her and chances were that they'd probably forget anyway.  They spent a miserable few moments with him as he slowly faded away, the stark reality of their situation settling heavily upon each of them.  Bydalo told Smim to make a note of it in their log anyway.
  Things were cuter and prettier here, but death was still very much a possibility - and now they were charged with chasing down a small pack of murderous wolves that were supposedly headed up by a monstrous Lupredator, though they had yet to actually see one.
  Anxiety crept over each of them (except Brob) and they hesitated for a moment, not sure what to do.  Bydalo considered it and knew immediately that their only course of action was to pursue the wolves - they weren't going home without completing their two missions, so they had no choice.  Knowing the next step was one thing, but actually carrying it out was something else entirely.
  "We've got to chase them.  I don't really fancy fighting wolves but we have no choice if we ever want to see home again - and we can avenge poor Bustle here while we're at it.  He seemed like a good sort."
  "...Bushill"  Smim corrected him, looking sadly at the downed Woolguard.
  "Precisely Smim, so let's go.  We will not abandon those sheep to torment and death!"
  Bydalo hefted his spear one more time, hoping to inspire them, but nobody responded.  He looked to Rack, knowing exactly what was going to happen next.
  Rack, as if on cue, lifted his ridiculously large sword and gestured in the direction that the pack of wolves had headed off in.
  "Let's get 'em, for Bushill!"  He rumbled.
  The group cheered and raised their weapons, all except for Bydalo who flopped his arms in exasperation.
  They charged gloriously across the grassy fields, waving weapons, yelling obscenities at the wolf pack, and challenging them to come back and fight like the dirty mutts they were.
  Which lasted for all of about thirty seconds, before they started running out of breath and staggered to a stop, leaning over and gasping for air.  They may have felt lighter here than in their home world, but they were still pretty tragically unfit.
  "We might have to... Track them... More steadily"  Bydalo gasped between haggard breaths.
  "They should be pretty easy to follow, there are little bits of fur every now and then on the floor!"  Arissa said cheerfully, struggling a lot less than the rest of them despite her huge adventuring pack.
  The group nodded their silent assent, not wanting to waste good breathing time by speaking.  The pack wasn't traveling too fast anyway because of their burden of live victims who were still bleating in panic in the distance.
  "Come on then, those doggies ain't gonna smash themselves!"  Brob said to spur everyone into moving again.  They set off at a brusque walk, always making sure to keep the wolves in sight any time they were on high ground.
  After a time the landscape began to change for the first time since they had arrived, with some rocks showing here and there in the grass and the rolling hills becoming more sizable.  Trees were more frequent, and eventually they realised that the wolves were leading them to a forest that was nestled into a valley.  It looked foreboding, especially considering the kind of creatures that probably lived in there, feasting on innocent sheep.
  "Hold up"  Came the Captain's order.  "We'd best not go charging in there, we don't know what could be waiting in the trees.  Maybe Freki is there... maybe there are more packs... I think we should rest up and do some scouting."
 "Agreed Captain, though we cannot delay too long.  I fear for the safety of the sheep they snatched"  Trufty added.  Bydalo made a noise of agreement, but he cynically thought the sheep were probably a lost cause.  It wasn't like the wolves were going to keep them in a pen and fatten them up for a few days before eating them.
  Sephra passed around her water flask, urging everyone to drink some.  With confused looks, they did so.  It had the unpleasant bitter taste of salad greenery, but it felt very rejuvenating and refreshing.
  "What's in this?  It's like magic!"  Smim asked her excitedly.
  "Some mashed-up leaves from the plants in the grass.  I put them in the water just to see what they'd do.  With any luck they won't be poisonous!"  She replied, smiling at him and giving him an endearing cuff on the shoulder.
  Smim looked uneasily at the flask he'd just drunk from and then back to Sephra, smiling weakly and not wanting to cause any fuss even though he was now anxious about his potentially sooner-than-hoped-for death.
  He turned and passed the flask to Arissa, quickly averting his gaze when she made eye contact with him.  He said nothing and Sephra gave him another cuff, followed by a laugh.
  Rack walked over to where Bydalo was crouching in the grass, trying to canvas the wooded area without being too obvious.
  "Look after my sword Cap'n, I'll get a-sneakin' around and see what the situation is down there."
  He seemed utterly relaxed and unphased by the prospect of having to go into a dark scary forest and potentially fight a bunch of apex predators.  Damn him.
  "Sounds good, I'll keep a lookout from up here.  Make a bird sound if you see anything coming our way, and I'll whistle if we get into trouble.  We'll wait for an hour, and if you're not back we'll send in the cavalry."
  He gestured his head at the very impressive brigade of disciplined warriors that were tucking into sugary snacks behind them.  A soft sigh escaped his lips.
  He then watched as Rack pulled out his 'sneakin' cloak and shrouded himself in the ugly rag before heading off down the hill towards the edge of the woods.  Bydalo had to admit, the cloak somehow camouflaged him pretty well against the vibrant colours of the sheep plane.
  He kept watching, studying Rack's route and anxiously looking out for any sign of movement or sound from the trees.  The rogue zig-zagged his path, skirting bushes and hedgerows and occasionally stopping to lay low and observe.  He seemed to know what he was doing, which was reassuring to Bydalo.
  It didn't take him too long to reach the edges of the woods and soon enough Bydalo could no longer see him.  The way Rack had melted into the shadows was unnerving despite the picturesque environment.
  The Captain called over the rest of them and briefed them on what was happening, instructing everyone to be ready to charge in swinging if there was any sign of trouble.  They all looked at him uneasily and conversation mostly slowed to a halt as they all held private thoughts about the dangerous situation they were in.
  All except Brob, who was whistling a cheerful tune and limbering up as if he were about to run a race.  Bydalo supposed that if they had to get down there to save Rack, it effectively was a race - he wouldn't last too long without a weapon.
  They chewed their nails and sweated for a good long while until with great relief they finally saw Rack, emerging from the trees far to the left of where he had originally entered them.  He made his way quickly back up the slope to them, looking worried.
  "Welcome back. So, what's in there?"  Bydalo asked of him, dreading the answer.
  "It's dark Cap'n, even in this daylight it ain't easy to see in there.  The trees ain't too thick in the fringes so there's room to move.  I went in real sneaky-beaky and they never heard nothin' as I was crouched nearby listenin' to them chatterin' about them sheep they snatched."
  "Do they have weapons?  Did they mention Freki?"  Bydalo pressed him.
  "I didn't see anythin' other than unarmed wolves in there but they got plenty natural weapons of their own.  I heard them talk about Freki but I don't know if he's here."  The rogue replied, picking his huge sword back up.
  "Are the snatched sheepsies still alive?"  Arissa asked of him, looking anxious for the first time since they'd met her.  Rack nodded grimly and she looked to Bydalo, expecting a call to arms.
  He knew that the rest of them were thinking the same thing - it was time to get stuck in - but he was nervous.  These weren't just a bunch of stinking giant rats that were no real threat, these were wolves in their natural habitat and probably well aware of their presence.  Bloodthirsty killers who would defend eachother and their captured prey ferociously.
  His anxious mind tried to piece together a quick plan that hopefully wouldn't sound stupid, would hopefully not get anyone killed, and preferably prevent any maiming.  He couldn't afford the funerals.
  "Right... OK... Arissa I want you up front since you know forests the best - you'll be finding us a path.  Rack, go with her and help her relocate the wolves.  Trufty, I want you to be watching out for those two.  Sephra and me will come next, with Brob and Smim running rearguard.  I don't want to be caught out by a surprise attack.  If any fighting kicks off, I want you to move back and use your slingshot Arissa."
  They all nodded, surprising Bydalo a little.  Normally they waited until Rack repeated what he said before agreeing.  He noted their grim, determined looks and realised that maybe they took him a bit more seriously when it came to the crunch.
  Hands fidgeted on weapons and checked gear fastenings.  They smoothed hairs and tweaked moustaches.  They wiped beads of sweat that had gathered on foreheads.
  "Alright people let's move out.  Stick together and look out for eachother, and remember what Arissa said about pulling their legs apart to open their ribcage."  He said, feeling slightly ridiculous about instructing his friends to pull wolves apart with their bare hands.  He almost wished Chief Biggins were here to give a rousing speech and threaten them with a horrible death if they didn't come back victorious.
  They set off down the hill, marching in formation and not worrying too much about being seen.  There was little hope of an ambush with Brob stomping around and Smim clanking away, so they played to their strengths and formed a unit.  This was it, this was the high stakes adventuring he'd been looking for!
  As they went, they anxiously huddled and flicked their eyes every which way  towards imagined threats and hidden terrors.  It didn't take long before they were in the fringes of the forest and the air suddenly felt oppressively close, reminding them of Beetroot's dank basement.  It was eerily quiet and it suddenly struck Bydalo that he'd neither seen nor heard birds anywhere in this world, which seemed sad to him.  What an odd thought to have at a time like this, he mused to himself.  He then asked himself why he was reflecting on his own thoughts at a time like this - shouldn't he be focusing right now?
  Sephra looked across at Bydalo, wondering what was going through his mind at that exact moment because she saw him look momentarily philosophical, then quickly shake his head as if to clear it.  She nudged him with an elbow to bring his focus back to the task at hand - she didn't want to die in this admittedly beautiful place just because he was off with the fairies!
  There was a sudden noise from behind them and they spun, almost falling over with their over-reactions.  It turned out it had just been Brob's gigantic metal boot hitting a tree stump, and he pointed at it and shrugged as if to say 'it wasn't me it was the boot'.
  Arissa and Rack called a brief halt to confer about which way to go to find the wolves - Rack didn't recognise where they were but he thought he knew roughly which direction they wanted to be heading.  Trufty stepped to the fore and raised the Unicorn Shield, scanning around and ready to protect his friends.  Bydalo had to admit, he looked the part of a young knight standing there in a combat stance and wielding his heirloom sword.
  They were soon off again, heading deeper into the dark quiet of the woods.  The trees began to close in around them, growing thicker together and forcing them to ripple the squad through narrow spaces.  There was also more undergrowth here that grasped at their ankles and feet and crunched loudly as if to give them away.  The whole place felt like a sentient force of nature that was telling them they weren't welcome.
  It became so dim in there that they could only just about make eachother out, and could barely see a few feet in any direction.  The effect was disorienting, as whichever way they peered everything looked the same.  The forest scent had also changed from pleasant leafy smells to the damp rot of funghus and dead wood and it had a sense of death about it.
  A noise.  Definitely not them this time.  Everybody froze in position, almost not daring to turn to their rear where the sound had come from.
  It came again, and again, increasing in frequency.  It was the sound of padding feet, and more than just a few.
  Bydalo looked around and strained his eyes against the darkness, feeling extremely exposed all of a sudden.  He wished he'd bought a shield like Trufty.
  Whispering urgently, he reformed the group to face the general direction of the sound.
  As one, a chorus of howls erupted into the air of the woods, sounding as if it was emanating from all around them.  Though they did not reverberate as they would outside of the forest, the off-key choir sounded terribly unnerving and primal fear rose within each member of the group.  Their pulses quickened, their neck hairs stood on end, their muscles flexed and their eyes widened.
  Smim whimpered quietly, his bottom lip quivering.
  "Don't worry lad, I'm with you"  Brob said under his breath, giving Smim a quick pat on the shoulder.  Smim felt slightly relieved, but was still terrified.
  Bydalo was most worried about Rack.  In this enclosed space his colossal sword was almost useless, and Rack hadn't bought any protective clothing or armour.  He was also a big target.
  The howls came again, this time closer.  They sounded so close that the group felt they should be able to see the creatures... but they couldn't.  The tension that gripped them in the silence that followed the howls was tremendous, and they dared not move.  They could almost hear eachother's hearts pounding furiously.
Bydalo stared hard, directly ahead of them where he could detect the stealthy and foreboding footfalls of the coming wolves.  His mind sunk from the usual conscious level to a more primitive, faster-responding mode that decided for him that he was ready to either fight, or to get the hell out of there.
  From the blackness a pair of yellow eyes suddenly emerged, popping into view and stopping still, peering at them through the gloom like twin beacons of feral hunger.  They could see nothing more, but knew that the eyes must have belonged to something as tall as a man at least.  The padding footfalls stopped and all fell silent.
  "Wh-who are you?"  Bydalo managed to stammer, his fear evident in his voice.
  The eyes tilted and they could picture a wolf's head, leaning to one side like a curious dog.
  "Who am I, it asks.  It, which does not belong here."  A gravelly, harsh voice responded in a sing-song mocking tone.
  "We are travelers... adventurers... from another place."  Bydalo added, hoping that he wouldn't be forced to try and explain dimension-hopping to the creature that was about to eat him.
  "This is the Wolf World, where The Pack feasts upon The Flock.  You are not of The Cycle."  The voice replied, sounding more annoyed now.
  Bydalo wanted to try and keep things calm, to be diplomatic and placatory, but they were in deep.  They had made the decision to try and save the sheep, and they had to find Freki or they'd never be going home again anyway.
  "We came here from our own world, and we must find one named Freki.  Are you he?"
  "This one is not Freki, this one is Geri.  Why seek you Freki?"  The creature said with it's tone low and foreboding.  It seemed to be getting angrier.  Who could blame it?  They were the intruders after all, strutting in here brandishing weapons.
  "We must find Freki and order him to pay a fine.  He traveled in the same manner that we did, but he did not pay his way."  Bydalo replied with an attempt at sounding authoritative.
  "What is pay to the wolf?  A Lupredator does not pay, it takes what The Cycle has given it the power to take!"  The voice snarled.  It was met with a chorus of growls from all around that were truly frightening.
  Geri stepped forward, enough that they could just about see him.  As with the Woolguards he was tall, almost as tall as Rack, and he was athletically built.  He had the grey mottled fur of the wolves, with a large head and pointed ears.  His feral eyes glared out from above powerful jaws full of large teeth.  His arms were lanky, but ended in meaty humanoid hands that extended to large blunt claws at the fingertips.  Where the other wolves were almost cute-looking (or had been under the bright sunshine and at a safe distance) Geri was nightmarish and dangerous-looking.  Unlike his counterpart Woolguards though, he carried no weapon.
  Wolves began to melt into view around them, roughly circling the group who shifted uneasily, trying to protect all sides from any forthcoming attack.  The wolves' heads hung low and their tongues lolled out, drooling as they breathed heavily and anticipated this bonus meal.
  "Where are the living sheep that you kidnapped?"  Bydalo demanded, hoping for whatever reason to stall them.  It wasn't like it mattered, there was no help coming, but his primitive-mode brain was happy for every extra second alive.
  "The Prey await us, we will feast upon them as per The Cycle when we are finished with this... intrusion.  This one is feeling simply ravenous."  Geri said evilly, clearly taking sadistic pleasure in the thought of tormenting the sheep and devouring the humans.
  An elastic 'thwack' sounded from Arissa as her slingshot was pulled up and suddenly loosed upon Geri in one swift movement.  The stone she had launched pelted him on his furry chest, drawing a snarl of anger at the stinging inconvenience.  He roared, loudly calling his pack to action.  They answered, growling and leaping into the fray with abandon.


  
  
________________
CHAPTER 16
A MOST PRIMEVAL AND PERENNIAL STRUGGLE
  The first wolf in made a leap towards Brob, opening it's jaws wide and aiming for the squat man's throat.  He leaned over, pointing his enormous spiked shoulder towards it and skewering the beast with ease.  It howled in agony, a sound that grated upon their nerves and aroused some basic level of empathy for it's torment - but not too much, since it was after all a murderous predator out to kill them.
  "Hah!"  Brob said with satisfaction, trying to shake the dying wolf off since it would slow him down.
  "Smim could you..." He began, thinking to ask Smim to pull it off, but as he turned to the lad he saw another wolf closing in.  Smim was brandishing his flail before him, hitting nothing but air but keeping the beast at bay at the very least.  Brob felt a moment of pride, because at least Smim wasn't soiling his britches and running.  Or at least he wasn't running, anyway.
  He took a moment to leave his position and give Smim's combatant a hefty kick in the ribs with his metal-encased foot, launching it several feet into the air and blasting the breath from it, probably breaking most of it's ribs.  Smim looked to him with immense gratitude and Brob winked.  He then felt a searing pain as claws dragged vicious lines from his shoulders down most of his back.
  Roaring in pain, his moustache bristling with fury, he turned and booted his attacker in the face, crunching it's snout into mulch and killing it instantly.
  The others were hard pressed.  Arissa was struggling to find an angle for a shot and was instead trying to keep a hold of Sephra who was itching to leave their defensive huddle and get laying into the wolves with her junk sword - which probably wouldn't have been too effective.  The Bog Street girl was screaming all sorts of expletives at the wolves and they weren't quite so keen to leap at her.
  Rack was trying to jab at the wolves with his sword, which was too big to swing in the space between the trees.  He unfortunately wasn't scoring any hits as the wolves were nimbly able to dodge him and melt into the darkness, only to reappear elsewhere with a new angle of attack.
  Trufty was valiantly locked in a duel with Geri, though it seemed that Geri wasn't locked in a duel with Trufty.  He was standing back slightly, observing Trufty's sword flourishing and graceful footwork with his head cocked in confusion.
  Bydalo saw this with a quick glance over and was at least reassured that Trufty was doing alright, and that Geri, their biggest threat, was occupied.  His wild-eyed stare fell back to the wolf before him which had sustained a minor wound from his short spear.  Again, there was far less blood than he'd have expected, but the wolf was evidently feeling the sting.  He jabbed at it a few times, making the sorts of noises he'd heard the bouncer at the Pantaloons making when pushing back jostling crowds of ruffians.  He didn't really know what he was doing but it seemed to be working well enough so far.
  Geri howled loudly and was answered by several more howls that came from beyond the veil of the forest gloom.  Reinforcements.  He then decided it was time for him to get involved.
  He stepped forward, timing the gap between one of Trufty's sword swings and gripping the edge of the Unicorn Shield, tearing it easily from the knight's grasp before casting it aside.  Trufty screeched in pain as his hand was contorted and forced away from the handle of his shield.
  Nevertheless, he stood his ground just as his father would have done on many a battlefield.  He raised his family sword towards Geri.
  "You will not eat us, nor those innocent sheep!"  He shouted defiantly, tossing his hair in his customary way.
  The Lupredator sneered at him and batted the sword aside with one large paw-hand, moving in close towards the knight with an unnerving speed and agility.  Within the blink of an eye he had borne Trufty to the ground and was pinning him down.  The knight was completely unable to move, and the wolf-man slowly opened it's jaws before his face, the huge teeth filling his vision and drool slavering all over him.  He was terrified beyond reason, feeling powerless to prevent his own impending death, and he did the one thing he had left to him.
  "HELP!"  He screamed in panic.
  Bydalo pushed his opponent back with a lunging poke, buying a moment to look at Trufty, seconds away from a grisly death at the hands of the powerful Lupredator.  Some switch buried deep inside his psyche flicked on and his fear and doubt disappeared.  He no longer needed to think, simply knowing instinctively what to do.  He charged at Geri, not only stabbing him in the side with the short spear but also tackling the Lupredator with his full body weight.  Geri roared as the spear stuck him near the hip and Bydalo bowled him over, pushing the perilous jaws away from Trufty's neck.
  The two tumbled into Rack who dropped his sword and fell to one side, immediately being set upon by one of the wolves he had been keeping at bay.  His situation was almost as bad as Trufty's had been mere moments before.
  The spear wound was nowhere near fatal for a beast such as Geri and he quickly shoved Bydalo off, pulling the weapon out of himself and tossing it to the side.
  A stone from Arissa's sling hit him sharply on the forehead, making a loud 'thunking' sound and delaying him for a few crucial moments that allowed Bydalo to retrieve his spear.
  "Rack, the legs!"  She yelled to the rogue who was at that moment grappling with a wolf's front limbs, trying to keep its snapping jaws away from his throat.  Her words triggered his memory and he instantly knew what to do.
  Using his huge arms, he easily yanked the wolf's forelegs apart until they dislocated and broke, leaving the wolf yowling in terrible pain.  It's chest cavity had not opened up at all, but instead it's useless front limbs flailed about weakly as it writhed in agony.
  Rack dropped it to the ground in horror, unable to do anything but look at it squirming and struggling.
  "That ain't worked Arissa!"  He shouted in a blaming tone.
  He couldn't stand the beast's suffering and quickly found his sword, plunging it into the wolf's chest and ending the misery.  The sounds it had made would stay with him for a long, long time.
  By this point the other wolves were being more cautious, having seen what a few of these adventurers could do.  Instead of leaping wildly, they circled and nipped, keeping a safe distance and trying to make sneak attacks in pairs.  Though they had done well so far, the squad were tiring rapidly because of adrenaline and they were drenched in sweat which was leaking into their eyes and compromising their grip on their weapons.
  "Come on pups, I haven't got all day!"  Brob shouted at them, beckoning his enemies on.
  Trufty was clambouring back to his feet, still thouroughly shaken by coming within inches of his own death and trying to process being saved by a flying Bydalo, who was now facing down the Lupredator alone.
  Geri pawed his wound and licked at the tiny amount of blood that transferred to his hand.  He growled with rage at Bydalo and came on once more.
  The Captain resumed his earlier prodding tactic, hoping to keep Geri occupied long enough for Rack or Trufty to help, however he did not anticipate Geri's speed or strength.  The Lupredator predicted one of his stabs and caught the spear in one hand, giving it a powerful tug that caused Bydalo to stumble forwards.
  Before he could recover his balance and fall back, Geri's other claw came swinging in and caught his forearm, drawing large and deep scratches across it.  He screamed as blood flew, letting go of the spear shaft and clutching at his torn arm as he stepped backwards.
  "A little help?"  He shouted, praying for someone to back him up.
  Trufty was still standing, looking to be in shock at the situation still.  He had picked up his shield and sword but they were hanging by his side as though forgotten.
  "Trufty I need you here!"  Bydalo called to him.
  He looked vaguely in Bydalo's direction, a confused look on his face.  Everything felt like some kind of sluggish dream to him.
  "Come on Sir knight, there are innocent lives depending on us!"  The Captain yelled, hoping to snap him out of it.  This reminder of rank and duty seemed to do the trick and Trufty began rapidly returning to his former self.
  He raised his shield and sword once more and stepped between Bydalo and Geri, shifting Bydalo backwards behind him.
  "For the Order of the White Swan!"  He yelled gloriously, his high-pitched voice contrasting the snarling of the wolves and cutting through the sounds of fighting.  The battlecry was heard by all the humans, and a fresh surge of energy filled each of them and bolstered their courage.  Bydalo felt goosebumps and for a moment had a sort of out of body experience as he observed the scene unfolding before them.  It was just like one the stories he'd heard of great heroes - but with all the added horror and pain and suffering of course.
  Having been released by Arissa, Sephra had taken to whaling on one poor wolf that had managed to get too close while not paying enough attention, and had been caught by her shoddy sword.  It wasn't quite sharp enough to cut, so she was effectively bludgening it to death.  'Effectively' being the key word.
  Within moments it was dispatched and she looked around for her next target, the Bog Street rage filling her with bloodlust.  She turned to Rack who was failing to engage with a couple of wolves who were staying outside of his stabbing range and decided to flank in behind them, driving them onto his sword.
  The plan worked marvellously and they scored two quick kills that then freed them up to help the others.  Rack joined Bydalo and Trufty to help them handle Geri, while Sephra turned to back up Smim who was close to panicking but had at least been protected thus far by his mismatched armour pieces.
  Brob, meanwhile, had realised that he was pretty good at fighting these angry doggies and wasn't worrying too much about a gruesome death anymore, and so had begun seeking them out, swinging his boot and shoulder-barging with great vigor.  Despite the tiny amounts of blood that seemed to erupt from wounds in this world, he was still pretty well covered in red.
  Geri was looking around, viciously growling with anger at his lost pack members.  It was his duty to protect and guide them and he was failing them.  His rage quickly drove him past the point of reason and he began ferally biting and clawing at the air before him, moving closer to the three adventurers standing in his path.  He would not be stopped unless they killed him, and he would not go down easy.
  His display of power and aggression was frightening and the three of them huddled close, not wanting to engage until they had to.  Bydalo and Rack stabbed outwards but Geri came on, ignoring the wounds in his great berserk rage.  His claws lashed out at them, one catching Rack across the chest and dragging lines through his clothes and skin.  His other hand crashed into Trufty's shield that was partially covering Bydalo, smashing it back into the both of them.
  This time however, the knight was more prepared for the blow and held onto it, keeping the protective barrier in place.
  "Push, now!"  Bydalo yelled, and the two of them shoved back at Geri, stumbling him backwards.  He quickly regained his balance and made a surging leap at them.
  He was surprisingly heavy, probably owing to his dense and sinewy body, and his great leap knocked all three of them over.  They all landed in a bundle with Geri atop them, trying to savage them with his claws.  His ferocious growling and barking filled their ears and evoked primal fears within them.
  Trufty's shield protected him and Bydalo somewhat, though the Lupredator landed several stinging slashes.  Rack was less fortunate and sustained another wound on his shoulder, though it was strategically worth it as he was able to use his two hands to grab a hold of Geri's arm.  He just about managed to hold it against the Lupredator's tremendous bersek fury.
  Bydalo's spear was useless as it was trapped under Geri's weight, and he could barely move his arms either.  He was frantically trying to shuffle, to fight, to do anything he could do to survive but it was no use.
  Trufty was in a likewise situation, only able to hold the Unicorn Shield as a barrier between them and Geri's fangs and claws.
  Bydalo thought that surely the Lupredator was going to work his way around the shield sooner or later and tear their throats out.  'This is it' his brain nonchalantly told him.  Thanks brain.
  As if from a great distance he heard Brob ordering Smim to help them out while he took care of the pups.  There was a soft clanking sound that seemed to echo in his mind.
  The weedy Magistrate's son stumbled, panic-stricken, over to the tumble of bodies.  He was clutching his flail but seemed incapable of action.
  "Hit him Smim!  Do it now!"  Rack shouted desperately, trying to spur him on while holding Geri's arm with every ounce of strength he had.
  Smim was hesitating, he was no good at fighting and he didn't believe he had the strength to hurt this invincible terror before him.  Arissa saw and came to shout in his ear.
  "Hit the wolfy creature, silly boy!  Conk it on it's ugly head!"
  Something about her juvenile words seemed to make the whole thing just a smidgen less nightmare-inducing and he awoke to the danger his friends were in.  His eyes flashed, his nostrils stretched wide, and his sinews stiffened.  His mighty hands clutched the flail handle tightly, spinning the head on it's chain.  When it was up to speed he took a long step forwards and swung with all his might at Geri's head.
  He missed of course, but the flail head caught the wolf on the shoulder and upper part of the limb that Rack was holding, and it was hefty enough to bruise the bones and cause a yelp from Geri.  He eased off of Bydalo and Trufty enough that they could scramble out from under him and retrieve their weapons.
  With Rack still valiantly holding the Lupredator's arm against the struggling beast, Trufty, Bydalo, and Sephra all launched attacks simultaneously.  Stabbing, slashing, poking.  Anything they could do to hurt the monster.
  Their weapons stuck him over and over and he howled and snarled and flailed about in his torment until finally, after what felt like a disgustingly long time, he was overcome by gruesome wounds and collapsed to the forest floor, his body oozing bright red blood into the dead flora about him.
  Everything went quiet apart from Brob growling at two wolves that thought better of it and tucked their tails before disappearing into the darkness.  The battle was over, and they all collapsed to the floor exhausted.
  Their adrenaline subsided and they began to shiver with the cold and the shock.  Fighting the rats had been disgusting, but they had never felt in any serious danger.  This had been the real deal.  Trufty had come within inches of dying, and a few of them had suffered very nasty wounds that were now aching horribly.
  "Is everyone OK?"  Bydalo asked, wincing as he inspected his arm wounds with a fingertip.  As with everything else on Lambda, they somehow looked more innocent and cuddly than a wound normally would.  The pain was real, however.
  They made quiet sounds of acknowledgement, all except for Trufty who was sitting and staring at Bydalo with wide eyes that seemed to look straight through him.
  "Are you alright trufty?  That was close..."
  "I... you saved me Bydalo.  I was dead if you didn't do what you did."  Trufty whispered, almost more to himself than to anyone else.
  "I couldn't leave you to get eaten could I?  Besides, you saved me so we're square."  The captain responded, trying to add some brevity to his voice and hopefully ease the tension in the air.  It didn't work at all.
  "No, I suppose not..." Trufty said politely.  He didn't seem to be listening and was far away in his own mind.
  Bydalo looked around to check on the rest of them.  Rack's wounds were the nastiest by far, though they somehow managed to look fantastic.  Geri had slashed diagonal lines into Rack's chest that made him look like he'd just returned from having a hand-to-hand duel with a bear.  No doubt the ladies would be even more obsessed with him now.
  The two women, Smim, and Brob had fared much better, sustaining no serious injuries beyond the emotional.  Sephra's battle rage had evaporated and she now sported a similar vacant expression to Trufty.
  "Come on, let's all eat a quick snack and get back to somewhere where we can see the daylight.  It's grim in here."  Bydalo said softly.
  They all somberly rose to their feet, seeking out food from their bags and preparing to move out again.  The food lifted their spirits a little and replenished their energy far more than it would back in their home world.  The emotional strain would take a lot longer.  This must have been what Biggins was talking about during their briefing.
  Brob asked Arissa to borrow her huge knife and took it to Geri, severing an ear and taking it as a trophy.  Bydalo was at first disgusted, but then he realised that it was actually a smart move - if they ran into other Lupredators, this might be a powerful deterrent.  Perhaps they could convince Freki to pay his fine without bloodshed.
  "Oy someone's left their knife stuck in the wolfy!"  Brob announced, yanking a simple-looking knife from dead centre in Geri's back with a horrible schlopping sound.  He brought it over to the rest of the group.
  "It don't look familiar to me... Anyone else?  It looks like a throwin' blade"  Rack rumbled.  Bydalo had thought it would be Rack's, but it turned out that none of them knew it.
  "That's just fantastic - where did it come from if it's not ours?"  Sephra asked of them, getting that familiar bad feeling again.  Although at this point it was hard to tell if it was new bad feelings or just the same bad feelings from before.
  "It was stuck in his back, I didn't think any of us even poked him from that angle!"  Arissa added while inspecting the little blade.  She pulled some fluffy fur off it, wiped it down, and slipped it into a pocket of her huge rucksack.
  "Did anyone see another combatant during all the chaos?"  Bydalo asked, quite confident that they'd all say no.  He'd probably have been the most likely to see anyone behind Geri and he'd noticed nothing.
  As expected, nobody had spotted anything - in the melee of the thick gloomy wood there hadn't been much to see.
  "Hmm.  Take good care of that knife Arissa, I don't think it was a wolf or a Woolguard that threw it into Geri's back, and that thought makes me extremely nervous.  At least if we can show it to the next Woolguards we find they might know something that'll help us."  Bydalo said, his voice trailing off into the quiet of the forest.  
  An air of worry descended over the group as they all considered a new dangerous actor - though apparently one that had assisted them in the battle.
  Before setting off, Bydalo consulted with Rack and Arissa to come up with a plan for finding the kidnapped sheep.  They retraced their path back out to a lighter part of the forest and within a short time had located the sheep by listening out for bleating.  Freeing them up, they then got themselves and the freed sheep out of the forest into the direct sunlight, it's delicious warmth cleansing their spirits.
  
________________
CHAPTER 17
A NARRATIVE OF INCREASING VISCOSITY
  Within a couple of hours steady ambling they had spotted another flock and swiftly headed over to greet them, saluting the resident Woolguards and signaling their peaceful intent.  The Woolguards were wary of them given their battle-worn appearance, but when it became clear that the wounds were wolf-inflicted they soon warmed up to the group.  As much as Woolguards could approximate 'warmth' anyway.
  "Brob!  Ear!"  Bydalo said almost as soon as they had finished making polite small-talk about the weather.
  Brob pulled the floppy dead Lupredator ear from a pocket, the blood having partially coagulated into a horrible sticky brown goop along the severed edge.  He tossed it to the Captain who noted that it had pocket fluff and crumbs stuck to it.  Bydalo raised an eyebrow at him, but Brob merely shrugged with a casual smile.
  Bydalo stood straight and puffed his chest out proudly before announcing:
  "This is the ear of Geri the Lupredator.  We caught him and his pack attacking another flock and we chased them, finally catching them and battling it out.  Geri is dead, as are many of his pack, and we managed to rescue these few sheep that are following us!"
  The Woolguards looked them over suspiciously and beckoned the severely traumatised sheep over to them.  They began to make quiet baas and bleating noises in what sounded like it must have been their language.
  "The flock confirms your tale, we are greatly indebted to you... whatever you are.  Where have you come from?"  The lead Woolguard enquired.
  "Uh, long story."  Bydalo replied awkwardly.  "We seek another Lupredator named Freki.  Do you know of him?  We also need to find a sheep with blood-stained wool."
  Before the Woolguard had a chance to reply, Smim tugged meekly at Bydalo's sleeve to get his attention.
  "Sir, I've just realised something..."  He whispered, trying not to be rude.
  "Not now Smim!"  Bydalo hissed back, never turning away from the Woolguards who were now quizzically looking from him to Smim.
  "Ah, sorry about that, where were we?  Oh yes!  We need to find Freki.  Do you know where he might be?"
  "We know.  The Pack has tried twice to take from our flock recently.  Freki is their leader, and he will return.  It is The Cycle."  a Woolguard said enigmatically, not really seeming too worried.
  "We rebuked him both times, but The Cycle is inevitable"  another added.  They were a cheerful lot.
  Bydalo couldn't believe that he was actually happy to hear that a vicious predator would most likely be along any moment now, but he was.  Perhaps they could team up with the Woolguards and deal with Freki!
  "Bydalo, Sir, I need to tell you-"  Smim began, but was swiftly interrupted by a sharp elbow to the ribs.
  "Good Sir Woolguards, might we ally ourselves with you and contest this Freki upon his next appearance?"  Bydalo blabbed in an attempt to sound professional and grandiose, but in reality just sounding like Trufty after a few pints.
  The Woolguards showed no emotion and accepted the support begrudgingly, as though they had been obliged to invite someone to their party that they didn't really want to have there.
  "You spoke of a blood-stained sheep.  There is no such thing in this world."
  "Sir!"  Smim breathed desperately.
  "WHAT, Smim?"  Bydalo shouted, losing his patience and spinning upon his second-in-command.  He almost immediately flushed with embarassment at his outburst, but he didn't show it for fear of lowering the Woolguard's opinion of him further.  Better a tyrant than an incompetent and apologetic fool.
  "Sir that's what I was going to say!  Why would there be a blood-stained sheep in this world?  There's almost no blood!"
  Sudden understanding rippled across the group, along with a little surprise that they'd not realised this before now - and no small level of amazement was directed at Smim for recognising it first.
  "Hey, yeah!  How would Chauncy and whoever else back home even know about such a sheep?  Nobody has been here before!"  Sephra added excitedly.
  This didn't bode well.  Had they been sent on a wild goose chase?  If so, why?
  "You know, that is an excellent point.  What the hell is going on here?"  Bydalo exclaimed in frustration.  Ever since they had left the city to visit Beetroot's farm it had felt like somebody was pulling on strings, leading them around from one strange situation to the next.
  The Woolguards looked at them with confusion but ignored the conversation, apparently uninterested.  Instead they chose to talk of Freki - a much more pressing issue as far as they were concerned.
  The adventurers chattered amongst themselves (somewhat rudely) for a few moments before returning to their conversation with the Woolguards.  Bydalo was not happy, but there was nothing to do except continue on mission.
  "So... we're going to stay and help you with Freki the next time he shows up.  In the meantime - do you know of a Lambraiser Merino?  One mortally wounded Woolguard we met asked us to pass on his love."  Bydalo asked.
  The Woolguards did not know of her, but they somberly swore to pass on the message to any who crossed their path.  They took their guardian duties extremely seriously, and fulfilling the last wishes of a comrade must have been very important to them.


  For a couple of hours they rested up and tried to mentally recover from the battle in the dark forest.  Some of the group talked openly about it, discussing how it had made them feel, while others remained stoically quiet about the whole thing and pretended not to be as disturbed as they truly were.  Only Brob seemed his usual self, which led them to believe that perhaps he alone had been involved in administering death before.  The rest of them had certainly lost some little spark of innocence forever, with Rack feeling terrible guilt about snapping the legs of one of the wolves.
  They patched up wounds as best they could with bandages from Arissa's pack, taking the advice of Woolguards on which plants to use for making poultices that would prevent infection.  Bydalo's arm ached miserably where it had been torn by Geri, and he felt for Rack who was even worse off with the huge lines raked across his chest.  They were lucky to have come out of there without serious career-ending injuries.
  Eventually they got bored waiting for Freki to appear and ended up mingling with the Woolguards and their flock.  Arissa, Trufty, and Sephra were all much more joyous as they interacted with the fluffy and docile sheep, and their antics raised the spirits of the others.  Sephra had been right, this would have been a nice world to live in... if only they'd had a pub somewhere!


  The hours continued to pass with no sight or sound of approaching wolves, and eventually the group began to grow bored, so much so that they ended up getting their sleeping gear out and napping as best they could in the daylight.  The sheep and Woolguards seemed not to need sleep but the humans were all feeling foggy-headed from exhaustion and stress.  Brob snored loudly, Smim mumbled to himself, and Bydalo lay there in between sleep and consciousness, running things over in his mind.
  Eventually they all rose back to wakefulness, feeling within their body clocks as though it was a new day but seeing no outward sign of that reflected in the world around them.  The Flock continued to graze, the Woolguards continued to patrol.  It was more boring than hanging out in the Pantaloons while trying to survive sober October.
  Bydalo decided that he had to do something before he went insane, and so he rose to his feet and stretched, unleashing a mighty yawn.  Adjusting his trousers, he set off toward the nearest Woolguard to enquire as to whether they had any idea when Freki might actually be attacking again.
  The Woolguard looked puzzled.
  "When...?  The Pack always attacks.  They are not attacking now, but The Cycle goes on.  This is all"
  "So you basically sit here watching your flock eat grass and waiting for your inevitable violent death?  Why don't you do something, like build a wall or form an army?"  Bydalo asked, not really understanding why the Woolguards seemed content to live out this endless circle of life.
  "Wall?  Army?  What are these things?"
  "You have metal weapons but you don't know what a wall or army is?"  the Captain replied in shock.  Surely if they knew how to work metal they could stretch to 'getting lots of people in a group to fight'?
  He continued, feeling a bit like Biggins lecturing recruits.  "An army would be a large gathering of Woolguards that fought The Pack together, all at once.  You could take the fight to them and end it all forever!"
  The Woolguard looked quizzically at him, as if he was solving a problem that did not exist.
  "But that is not The Cycle..." it said in his confusion.
  Bydalo threw his arms up in exasperation.  If they wanted to keep getting chewed on for all eternity, who was he to stop them?  After all, he was the man who had chosen to live on Bog Street, so he couldn't be that smart either.
  "You know what?  Never mind.  I am just unfamiliar with your cycle - where we come from, we have a slightly different cycle.  Anyway, have you fought The Pack many times before?"
  "Yes, I have.  Myself and the two others here have guarded The Flock together for many cycles.  We have lost flock members, but not many."
  This seemed to be both a sore spot and a source of pride for the Woolguard, who looked pained at his imperfect track record.  Given what was in store for captured sheep it was unsurprising, even here in the cuddly sheep world.
  Bydalo tried to keep the conversation moving by relating in the only way he knew how.
  "Myself and my companions here have fought only once before, though we did well for beginners!  We slew many giant rats that were causing trouble for an old man..."
  He went on to tell the full story, ignoring the look of mild bewilderment from the Woolguard every time he mentioned anything not involving wolves, sheep, cycles or grass.
  The young man found that retelling the story to this stranger, carrying on until ultimately reaching the present moment, was helpful.   it allowed him to straighten out his version of events and think about things from a new angle.  The whole mystery of the knife, their wild goose chase, even the people they had met along their journey were all starting to form together into a vague and smokey picture of the grand scheme of what was going on.  He felt a nagging at the back of his mind, as though someone were flicking his ear and trying to get his attention - something suspicious was at work and he was convinced it was all connected.


  The group stewed for what felt like another day, growing so bored that Arissa started giving out survival lessons, Brob had them all doing some lifting, and Trufty tried his best to get someone interested in his morning routine - to no avail.  Everyone was starting to feel quite out of sorts due to the neverending sunlight and unnatural appearance of everything (including themselves) in this world.
  They were so bored that when the first howls broke out across the hills they were almost relieved.  Even being chowed down upon by a pack of wolves was easily preferable to hanging on in quiet desperation, waiting for something to happen.
  Bydalo snapped into action, rousing the squad and telling everybody to gear up.  He then made to join the Woolguards as they huddled, thinking to talk tactics with them.
  "Right, there's seven of us and we're all ready to fight.  Well, some more than others anyway.  Where are we best positioned?  I can have arissa providing support from a distance while myself, Brob, Sephra, Trufty, and Rack occupy their attention"  He began, feeling like some great general despite forgetting one of his own men.
  Of course, the Woolguards looked confused as per usual.
  "What do you speak of?"  One asked.
  "Tactics!  How to win the fight!"
  "We defend our flock"  Another added.
  "Yes... but there are many ways to defend a flock and some are more effective than others!"  Bydalo responded in exasperation.
  "We fight The Pack, and we defend The Flock."  The third Woolguard finished, the other two nodding their agreement of the great battle plan.
  "Yes, but... Oh, never mind.  We're here to help and we'll do our best.  Remember that we need Freki alive if possible."  Bydalo said with his best Chief Biggins voice.
  They left the Woolguards to it and tried to form a defensive line between the Flock and the approaching beasts.  This time they were more confident, but their hands still quivered with adrenaline.  Soon enough, the first of the Pack began to appear over the crest of a nearby hill, trotting lazily forward with their tongues lolling from their mouths.
  Bydalo set his feet, ready for the oncoming charge, and adjusted his grip on his short spear.  He looked to his left and right, noting that of all the group it was now Trufty who looked the most on edge.  He had clearly been traumatised by his near death experience, and was now huddling much closer to Bydalo than necessary.
  The captain wanted to say something inspiring to psyche up his squad for the fight but everything that came to mind sounded cliché and cheesy, so he decided on grim stoicism instead.  He squinted his eyes and lifted his chin, hoping to look the heroic type of grim.
    A deep, throaty roar filled the air as Freki stepped into view behind his Pack.  His silhouette upon the crest of the far hill looked huge, a solid foot taller than Geri had been, and his call to battle echoed loudly across the grassy plain.
  The wolves drew close much more rapidly than any of the humans expected while their nervous minds were racing, trying to anticipate what was about to happen and how to survive it.  Before long, the first beast was launching itself suicidally at the centre of their line, only to be cut down by the impressive power of a determined Woolguard.
  "Here we go lads!"  Brob yelled with glee as he punched another wolf mightily on the nose, sending it reeling back before finishing it with a metal boot to the chest.
  "Arissa, see if you can hurt Freki before he gets to us.  Rack, Brob, we're gonna need to bring him down alive!"  Bydalo shouted over the growls, baas, and human grunts.
  The ranger stepped back from the line and loaded up her slingshot, firing off pebble after pebble at the approaching Lupredator.  Her accuracy would have been impressive if the others had had a spare second to look - however, the stinging hits were little more than an annoyance to the hulking Freki.  In response to the barrage, he lowered to all fours and began loping with all haste in Arissa's direction.
  All along the line, wolves were snapping and inflicting minor wounds but were taking far worse punishment back.  The Lupredators may have been terrifying, but the individual wolves themselves were not adept at fighting opponents that resisted.
  Bydalo attempted to dispatch those closest to him and prepare to meet Freki. As soon as he got a moment's respite, he instructed Trufty to watch his gap in the line, and hustled over to Brob and Rack.  Both were having a great time demolishing beasties, with Rack finally able to make use of his gargantuan sword in huge, scything swings.
  "Rack, you and me will poke at him and keep him busy.  Brob, get around behind him and grab his ankles!"  Bydalo shouted over the din.
 There was one problem with this master plan.  It required Freki to run towards the three of them, and for some strange reason he did not oblige - opting instead to make for Smim and Trufty, the weak links in the chain, with Arissa immediately behind them.
  He closed the distance and immediately Smim fell back in terror, trying to retreat behind the nearest Woolguard.  Trufty did not fare much better, facing his foe but backpedaling with an oddly slack expression on his face.
  Luckily for them, the Woolguard stepped into the fray and body-checked Freki, their powerful torsos colliding with an audible smack.  The two fell to the ground and wrestled, their sinewy muscles standing out with the strain.
  The Woolguard baa'd loudly, no doubt calling for aid as evidenced by his nearest comrade disengaging from a regular wolf and rushing over.
  "We need him alive!"  Bydalo shouted, hoping to get through to them - but it was no use.
  The standing Woolguard sped over and brought down his polearm in an epic arc that severed Freki's large head from his body, leaving it tumbling to the ground.  The prone Woolguard that had been wrestling stood up swiftly and nodded to his friend as though this was all pretty standard stuff.
  "Well, gee.  I guess they really do guard The Flock pretty well, huh?"  Rack said in dumb disbelief at the display of awesome strength they had just witnessed.  Apparently Lupredators were scary, but Woolguards were equally ferocious.  Maybe they didn't need tactics after all.
  A stream of expletives left Bydalo's mouth as Sephra, Brob, and the third Woolguard chased away the routing wolves.  There was still a large number of them, but without their leader their courage had failed.
*
  "Damnit we needed Freki alive!"  Bydalo ranted at the Woolguards a short while later once they'd all cleaned themselves up.
  "The Cycle must not be denied"
  "We helped you and you totally ignored what I said!"
  The Woolguard simply stared at him with a flat expression.
  Bydalo threw his arms up in frustration and turned back to the group to vent instead.
  "This whole venture has been one massive succession of disasters.  The bloody sheep doesn't exist, Freki is dead, and we can't collect his debt.  I don't even have a clue how we're going to escape this stupid world!"
  He almost felt like sticking his spear butt into the ground at an angle and walking eye-first into the sharp tip, such was his anger.
  Trufty stepped nearer and put a hand on his shoulder, before then proceeding to embrace him in a tight hug.  A single tear rolled down his cheek.
  "But at least we are alive Bydalo.  I owe you my life - my hero!"
  A mere few days ago this moment might have drawn giggles from Rack and Brob, but in light of recent events they merely glanced cheekily at each other.
  Awkward as it was, Bydalo did appreciate the hug and it calmed him down a little.  He noticed Sephra crouching and rooting around in her rucksack.  He enquired as to what she was looking for.
  "Oh, I just thought I'd get a brew going, y'know?  Weird couple of days..."  She replied with a slightly mischievous tone.
  The reason for her mirth became clear as she pulled out the ancient-looking teapot that Orpington Batchley Esquire had given to her.
  "Wait, are you sure we should be using that?" Bydalo asked before he could stop himself.  It wasn't good to show doubt in front of the squad, and they really had no other options just now anyway.
  Sephra made an extremely mocking 'um, I don't know' face at him and set about starting a fire to boil some water.  She withdrew the tea stashed inside and took a long sniff with her talented nose.  Her eyes half closed with appreciation for the quality of the tea leaves.
  "That old 'un knows good tea, I'll give him that."
  "I wonder what's gonna happen?  Batchley said by the time we finished brewing he would show up.  How does that work?"  Smim asked.
  "I've pretty much given up wanting to know how and why things are working Smim, let's just pray he DOES show up, and pray that he can help us" Bydalo said.
  "What if we summon him here and he can't get us or himself back?"  Smim continued.
  "Somebody please slap Smim on the back of the head any time he asks a question from now on."
  They gathered around as Sephra boiled the water and prepared the tea.  She went about it in a ritualistic manner, which seemed out of sorts with her normally disorganised demeanour.
  As she poured the water into the teapot a delicious vapour rose from it, thicker than it would have been back home, surrounding them with it's uplifting and reassuring freshness.  It grew steadily thicker until they could hardly see eachother, but they remained still and simply enjoyed inhaling the aroma.
  Just as Bydalo was losing vision of her in vapour clouds that were swirling in beautiful patterns, he could hear Sephra pouring out several measures of the wholesome beverage.  Tea made a slightly different sound to water, a very satisfying sound that promised that everything was going to be alright.  The effect was especially pronounced here in the Sheep World where things seemed to take on an almost magical quality.
  "What ho, younglings!"  Someone said in a familiar posh voice.


________________
CHAPTER 18
GHOUL TOWN, NO FINER PLACE FOR SURE
  Clearly the sheep world suited Batchley.  As he stood before them, deeply inhaling the wholesome tea vapour, they noticed through the cloud that he looked totally different.  His skin was not rotten and decayed, and his teeth were set in regular gums in a regular face that sported proud mutton chop sideburns.
  The only consistency with his previous appearance was the cheerful gleam in his eyes.
  "I'm rather surprised to see you so soon, but it's far from an unpleasantness!  This world really does bring out your inner beauty eh?"  He said happily.  "Have you run into trouble already?"
  "We're stuck here Mr. Batchley!"  Arissa said to the now dashing and youthful traveller.
  "Why, my dear, whatever is the matter?"
  "To pay for our transport, we needed to collect money from this giant wolf-man.  Unfortunately the giant sheep-men over there cut his head off before we could get it"  Bydalo answered miserably.
  "We wanna know if there's any way you can get us out of here?  I just wanna go home"  Sephra said.
  For the first time, Batchley seemed ever so slightly flapped by the situation.  He kept it under control for the sake of appearances, but he didn't exactly have the money to ferry all of them across space and time.  He also didn't expect they'd have paid him back either.
  "Well, I can help somewhat but unfortunately I cannot get you home.  I can just about afford a group ticket... back to Ghoul Town.  Perhaps from there we can at least figure out a way for you to earn some money for a ticket home? What say you?"
  The group all looked to eachother awkwardly, not exactly excited by the suggestion but all of them acutely aware of how little choice they had.  Life was apparently determined to drag them down more and more labyrinthine rabbit holes.
  "OK Mr. Batchley, thanks.  We'll come with you and see about picking up some more work"  Bydalo concluded.  Batchley smiled at him, and Bydalo thought he saw a glimmer of sadness in that smile.  Mental note taken.
  They briefly said goodbye to the Woolguards who were cleaning away the mess from the battle, and gathered around the reinvigorated old man.  He instructed them to find their old ticket-coins and hold them in an outstretched palm, while closing their eyes and thinking hard on where they wanted to travel.
  Nothing was happening, until suddenly they were dropped unceremoniously into a box identical to the one they had found themselves in after leaping through the portal back home.
  After Batchley politely handled things with the ticket-checker who appeared, they were on their way.  It provoked great anxiety in Bydalo to be back in interplanar transit and so metaphorically close to home, and yet unable to actually go there, but there was nothing to be done.  They still didn't even know the name of 'home'.


  Before they knew it, they had arrived.  It was very dark in Ghoul Town.
  "It's very dark in Ghoul Town"  Brob remarked to nobody in particular.
  As they stood and gazed around, they had the impression that they were standing in a massive cavern that was large and dark enough such that they could not see the ceiling or walls.  The air was very still and had a slightly unpleasant odour, like a mouldy bread cupboard.  Visiblity was poor but they could make out that a considerable number of crude wooden buildings lay a short distance ahead, huddling together on the stone ground as though trying to keep warm.
  "Ah, yes.  Well you see us aged travellers don't do too well in the sun - bad for the skin you know?  Hence my large and floppy hat"  Said Batchley, his visage having returned to it's former grisly disgustingness.
  "How did this place become Ghoul Town?  Did you discover it or make it?"  Bydalo asked.
  Batchley indicated that they should begin heading towards the town proper, and began his tale as they walked.
  He described how the first interplanar travelers that out-grew their biology had realised they were beginning to rot and scare small children - leading to very unpleasant treatment by strangers - and how this had led to them needing a space of their own.  They had been guided to this forlorn, lightless world by the ethereal ticket masters as somewhere that they could claim as their own.  A place to congregate, tell stories, make plans, and above all - stay out of sight and out of mind.  The inhabitants had tried to give it a more pleasant name, but unfortunately the somewhat offensive colloquial one had stuck.
  They had done deals and made supply trips in order to bring the construction materials to their new home, setting up basic but functional houses, inns, shops, and dentists.  Tooth problems were all too common, and when you were living such an extremely long time your gnashers were incredibly important!
  "Come my little star-walking friends, I shall introduce you to the gents down at my club.  They're a good sort, someone will be able to help you out I'm sure"


  Batchley's club turned out to be the headquarters of a society, known as the Towndon Society of Physical Wellbeing.  The original purpose was obviously a lost cause, and it now sounded more like an excuse to escape your wife and drink and smoke with the rest of your posh friends.
  They stopped at the front door and Batchley rapped out a complex series of knocks and taps, then stepped back.  A moment later, a small window in the door opened and an eye peered out at them.
  "They're with me"  Batchley said in a more formal tone than usual, gesturing his head to the squad and causing his loose face-flesh to wobble.
  The eye seemed to frown, but did not complain.  The window slapped shut, the door opened, and in they walked.
  Unlike the rest of Ghoul Town, it was not deathly quiet inside the clubhouse.  They passed through several corridors full of closed doors and reached a bar that had a few severely old people in it, sitting and sipping on small glasses of fortified wine while chatting boisterously or reading newspapers.
  Whereas the outside of Ghoul Town had the aesthetic of a gravedigger's toolbox, the inside of the clubhouse bar was lavish and inviting.  The armchairs looked comfy, there was a lively fire spreading warmth, and there were unnaturally steady light sources mounted on the walls.  Bydalo figured they must have been either magical, or created through some technology he did not understand.
  As they stepped into the room the general hubbub quietened and there were several cheery greetings spoken to Batchley.  All the exposed eyeballs quickly found their way to the squad, curious about an uncommon visit from young folk.
  "Good afternoon gentlemen.  Allow me to introduce some young adventurers - explorers after our own hearts - who I happen to be helping"  He said, briefly introducing them all.  Each of them waved awkwardly when their name was called, apart from Brob who plonked himself down in an empty seat opposite one distinguished chap whose jaw was strapped to his face with bandages.
  "My fleshy friends here were in a spot of bother - it's their first time travelling the planes you see - and I told them we might be able to be of assistance.  They're in need of work so they can buy tickets home..."
  His voice trailed away hopefully at the end of the sentence, as if expecting them to jump at the chance at some cheap labour.  The room was quiet.
  "What sort of work can you do?"  Someone asked after an awkward pause.  Bydalo took it as his moment to finally join the conversation.
  "We're uh, adventurers for hire.  We've done some monster slaying and even some debt collection"
  Well, it was almost true.  They did try to collect the debt.
  "How are you with unpleasant cleaning tasks?"
  Batchley looked to Bydalo with the same slight sadness in his eyes that had been there before.  He obviously knew something they didn't, but Bydalo couldn't tell if this was a warning or just pity.
  "We can handle it.  We'll take anything we can get right now"
  A figure rose from it's chair and shuffled over to them.  Even among this crowd he looked aged, which really was saying something.  He removed his hat, revealing a face with almost no flesh remaining on it whatsoever, and held out his bony hand.
  "Name's Gankaxx Litch.  You jolly folk will be joining me at my humble homestead tomorrow morning, bright and early for a spot of tidying.  Serve me well and I'll see you get enough money to travel"
  Bydalo gingerly took the proferred hand and shook it gently, praying he didn't break anything or touch any mouldy skin.  Gankaxx looked him dead in the eye as if inspecting Bydalo's soul and then stepped back, seemingly satisfied.  He informed them of where they could find his house, and went back to his seat to continue a game of chess he'd been playing.
  They all turned to Batchley as if needing instruction on what to do next.  He still had a slightly sad expression and seemed far off in thought.
  "Hm?  Oh, I suppose you'll be needing a place to stay the night.  You'll not fit in my house but not to worry - the club shall provide!  There are spare rooms here you may use"
  They thanked him and found seats in the bar area, unsure what else to do other than have a pint and wait for all this to blow over.  They chatted a little with some of the more curious and interested members of the club, telling of their journey and their homeworld.  They were an amiable lot, even if they did look like something from a nightmare.
  At one point Trufty came over to Bydalo and sat close to him.
  "So it seems we are to bring the mighty mop of justice down upon the dust motes of evil tomorrow then?"
  Bydalo laughed.
  "Indeed, they'll be singing songs about our glory for years to come..."
  Trufty giggled back and brushed his majestic hair behind one ear.  It was a gesture Bydalo subconsciously recognised, and he was overcome by a sudden wave of awkwardness.
  "I wanted to thank you for saving my life Captain.  You were the hero back there in... in the dark wood"  The would-be knight said with a strange tone before standing up and abruptly leaving to join Arissa, with whom he giggled about something.  Bydalo was not sure what had just happened but that was nothing new.  He decided to join Rack and Sephra who were also joking amongst themselves, and ended up totally killing their conversation.  It was turning out to be a strange night.


  They awoke early and politely tidied away their bedding before heading to Gankaxx's house.  He was already awaiting them when they arrived, holding a mop and standing by several buckets at the front door.
  "Good morning little elves!"  He said cheerfully.
  "Mmmpf"  Came the enthusiastic chorus response.
  "Today you're going to help my clean the drain of my shower and bath!"
  "Mmmpf?"
  It sounded like it would be easy and quick, and therefore was almost certainly not going to be either of those two things.
  In fact, it was going to be a long and arduous task.  Gankaxx's shower drain was actually quite long and large, having been knocked together by some crude craftsman with no idea what plumbing actually was - and it wasn't only blocked up with hair.  There was rotten flesh down there which had gotten sodden and rotted some more, all mixed in with hair and dirty water and probably a dead rat or two as well.
  It was utterly putrid.  It turned out that they had only really needed one bucket for removing the slop of the shower, and the rest had been for catching vomit instead.
  They each took turns with various hooks and bits of wire, trying to pull every last morsel of horrendous decay out of the drain.  Trying desperately to convince themselves that they were not touching it with bare skin when picking it up.
  At one point Smim had the genius idea that flicking a bit of the slop at Brob might liven the mood and raise morale, but for the first time ever Brob was not in the mood and stared at Smim with an expression of utter betrayal and pain.
  After several hours of dissassembly, cleaning, flushing, scraping, vomiting, re-cleaning, and testing the drain they eventually left a satisfied Gankaxx's house with a few coins each in their pockets.  The trudge back to Batchley's clubhouse was a silent one, and now Bydalo knew what that sad look in the old man's eyes must have been about.  He'd have known that this type of work was likely what they'd end up doing.
  When they knocked on the door it was the man himself who answered and let them in, with his usual happy demeanour somehow feeling a little put-on this time.  They knew he was well aware of what they'd just been doing and was trying to put a good spin on proceedings.
  "That was the worst morning of my life, and I'm not even hung over" Sephra said miserably.
  "Oh, my dear I am most sorry.  I suspected you'd end up doing one of these unpleasant jobs... it's quite difficult for us as we tend to lose body parts... but there wasn't much else you could do around here!"  Batchley replied as he laid a hand on her shoulder.
  "It's fine Batchley.  We needed work and now we might just be able to find our way back to the world where we belong - and hopefully find some answers to some very big questions"  Bydalo said.
  Batchley enquired with genuine concern as to what was vexing them, and for a second there was a glimmer of hope as they showed him the strange knife that had been thrown into Freki's back.  The glimmer was short-lived however, as even one so well traveled as he knew no more than they about it.
  They stayed and chatted politely for a while, which seemed only fair after Batchley had helped them escape Lambda, but they were all eager to get on and try to find their way home.  Bydalo had no idea how they'd do that when they didn't know the name of their world as the interplanar travelers might know it, but they'd cross that bridge when they got to the station.  One step at a time was the only way they were going to get through the maddeningly uncertain lifetsyle they'd all signed up for as adventurers for hire.
  Just as they were tucking into some admittedly high quality grub that the clubhouse provided for free, something strange entered the room.  Of all the things they'd seen recently, this was one of the oddest.
  A child stepped into the room, announcing that he was there to sweep the chimneys.  What was odd was that he was almost as rotten as the rest of the Ghoul Town residents - which didn't make sense as far as the visitors reckoned, since the rot was supposedly due to outliving normal biological clocks.
  Smim happened to be sat next to Batchley and conversing about lawn sports when he noticed the boy.  In a confused whisper, he asked Batchley why the youngster was so rotten when surely he wasn't old enough to be so?
  A dark and foreboding look crossed the ancient man's face and he became deadly serious.  Pun intended.
  "I am not the only resident with some magical abilities.  Not all of Ghoul Town's diverse folk have the same background, and many do not share the sophisticated moral compass of you and I.  I shall say no more on the matter, and I would suggest you ask no more!"  He answered, his whisper quiet enough to be polite but forceful enough for Smim to get the message.
  The group had all been close enough to hear the exchange, and a collective shiver played across their necks.  It was the implication.  The sooner they could get out of here the better.
  And so after several hours of enjoying pleasant but forced conversation with stuffy old travelers who had far too many stories to tell and far too little self awareness, they finally made their excuses and asked Batchley on how to get to the interplanar station.  He instructed them to hold their ticket-coins as they had previously, and imagine the station.  From there, they could try asking the Ticket Masters for information about their homeworld.
  They walked a short distance out of town, approximately back to where they had first arrived, and took out their coins.  There was a momentary panic when Arissa couldn't find hers, but it turned out to be in one of her many, many pockets.
  "Here we go again!  On to the next adventure!"  She said happily.  Nothing ever seemed to bother her, and frankly it was annoying to the rest of them who were still grumpy about having to clean up ancient dead flesh.
  The adventuring cleaners held out their open palms together and closed their eyes, and with Gankaxx's payment safely in their pockets they soon found themselves bungled into yet another transport box.  The familiar candle-like glow flickering across the strange polished walls felt like a big step up from the mouldering shacks and general odour of decay back in Ghoul Town.
  "Tickets, please" Yet another melancholy man said a few minutes later when he appeared from nowhere.
  He was definitely a different ticket man from the previous two trips, and yet he was somehow the same.  It was as though they were all avatars of the great ticket man in the sky, sent into the universe to eternally irritate travelers.
  "Seven for the Interplanar station, please!"  Smim said, exercising his assertiveness muscles once more.  He seemed to like the transport system.
  "Seven for the Interplanar station" The bored voice repeated back, taking their coins one by one and stamping them with a strange contraption.  Before they knew it, he'd taken their payment and disappeared, leaving them alone once more.
  "Hey didn't he unlock the door for us last time?"  Smim asked.
  "Well, first time around yeah but he was helping us get a free ride.  When Batchley took us to Ghoul Town we just sort of... ended up there without the guy"  Bydalo said.
  And so it was this time too, however instead of being dropped into existence on a new plane, one of the side walls of the box swung open to reveal the bustling Interplanar Station that they all knew and loved.
  Except that something didn't feel right.  The crowd was far smaller than it had been previously, people and anthropomorphic creatures alike were walking so fast as to almost be jogging - and in some cases they were literally running.  There was an aura of fear and confusion about the place.  They could hear something almost imperceptible, like an off-key undertone to the general noise of the crowd which triggered subconscious alarm bells within them.
  "I don't like this cap'n, somethin' ain't right here" Rack said gloomily.  They all felt it, but remained quiet as they stepped gingerly out of the box and onto the platform.
  "Lovely.  Everyone stay close and don't get lost in the crowd.  Let's head to where the glowing travel advisor thing was and see if we can get out of here alive" Bydalo said with urgency.
  It was no time to dawdle.  Despite being held up by Brob's immensely heavy metal boot they made all haste across the platform, snaking their way through the crowd of stricken travelers.
  Just as they were passing a creature that looked like a light brown rodent crossed with a man, standing on tip toes and shouting 'danger!' over and over, the crowd began to thin and the aura of fear and confusion seemed to grow exponentially.  The closer they came to the hall where the ticket angel was, the fewer living things they saw.  As though they had fled this area in particular.
  From inside the ticket angel's hall, they heard a powerfully loud and alien sound.  The savage roar was unlike anything they had ever exerienced before and it caused the hairs on the backs of their necks to stand erect while a ripple of adrenaline crawled down their spines.  They instinctively stopped in their tracks at the prospect of this new potential danger.
  This was all way out of Bydalo's league.  He'd wanted to slay a few small monsters back home and make a little bit of beer money, and maybe even a touch of fame or renown.  Now it was on him to lead the squad - and he'd just heard something that he had no doubt had never been heard by anyone of his world before.  He had to get his team home, but he had no idea how, and their only source of information was in the same room as that awful noise.
  The poor captain hesitated for a moment, terrified of the consequences and the responsibility, and of his own very apparent mortality.  For a moment, despair almost overwhelmed him, but then suddenly vanished in a moment of odd clarity as he weighed up the options.
  Nobody lived forever.  In just a few days they had experienced much that people back home would never dream of.  They had rescued helpless little sheep from a death at the hands of voracious wolves.  They had helped pass on the love of a dying Woolguard.  They'd visited Ghoul Town.  Even the pain of his torn arm was a unique experience.
  If this was to be their end, then there was no use running.  There was nothing to be gained by dilly-dallying outside on the platform.  All they could do was continue with their original plan and what would be, would be.
  "Come on then.  I'm not getting any younger" He said over the now distant sounds of panic, before marching straight towards the hall of the ticket angel.
________________




CHAPTER 19
A SWIFT BYPASS OF APOCALYPTIC CONFRONTATIONS
  If he'd been thinking a little more clearly, Bydalo might have been disappointed to realise that his comrades were watching in bewilderment instead of following him to face whatever darkness awaited inside.
  As it happened, he was not really thinking at all.  Maybe the recent traumas they had all gone through, the sensory overload of discovering that magic was real and that planar travel to other worlds was possible... maybe it had finally made him snap.
  They stood and bore witness as he shambled forward into the ticket angel's hall as though transfixed by some greater power.
  Trufty called his name in a panic, urging him to return.
  "Shouldn't we go help him?"  Brob said, though he hesitated uncharacteristically.
  Nobody answered.  They all felt as though they should go and help but some primeval force within them really didn't fancy it and wouldn't let them move.
  The captain walked forward, stabbing one foot in front of the other and focusing on nothing but getting to the ticket angel.  There was no other way home, and nothing else in the universe mattered to him at that moment.  The horrifying sound that had come from within was secondary information that didn't really seem all that important right now.
  He passed the threshold and lay his eyes upon the scene within.  The glowing ticket angel was floating there as it had been previously, though there were no people around and no luminescent tendrils filling the room.
  Before it stood a nightmare.
  It was as though the ticket angel faced it's evil counterpart in some religious end-of-time battle.  While the angel was somewhat crystalline in appearance and possessed of a symmetrical beauty, the foe that stood before it was a mess of irregular shapes, sharp edges, and offensively mismatched ratios.  It looked like a thousand broken mirrors rotating and shifting within black ink that took a vaguely human shape.  Both entities were huge, at least twice Bydalo's height, though the aura of the ticket angel seemed to give it a larger presence within the hall.
  He approached in a sort of trance, his puny human brain not really capable of processing what it was witnessing.  As he drew closer, he began to hear a cacophony of strange noises that were vaguely reminiscient of voices, but totally alien.  He couldn't tell if he was hearing them from without or within.
  He knew they something to do with the shifting mass of doom, though he did not know how he understood this.
  Over the din, a sudden voice rang clear and spoke to him.
  "Ey yo, wassup?  Dis foe is beyond you man, get outta here!"  The ticket angel said within his brain.
  Instinctively knowing what to do, Bydalo replied with his thoughts.
  "I need to get my friends home... but I do not know the way"
  His thoughts felt almost as though they were less his thoughts and more his heartfelt desires given voice.  He heard the words as though they were said by someone else, and the voice seemed to sound almost sad and lonely.
  "Bring yo people to me" The angel replied with a gentle, comforting tone that contradicted everything about the scene.
  Bydalo turned and ran outside, commanding the others to follow him in.  They finally did so, begrudgingly falling in behind him and entering the hall - at which point they all started yelling with incoherent terror.  Arissa and Smim hid behind Brob, who in turn hid behind Rack's huge form.
  The two spectral beings began to engage in some kind of combat, though it was very difficult for the humans to comprehend what was going on.  There were flashes of white and red light, glimmers reflecting and refracting a thousand different ways upon crystalline shapes.  Both entities were making incredibly loud and powerful sounds that seemed to have a mystical sense of gravity to them, as though they were words imbued with magic.
  Each of them heard the voice of the ticket angel in their head, telling them it was going to send them home but they must stay still until it could touch them all with it's tendrils.
  The conflict continued, the dark entity trying to smite the ticket angel with it's humanoid limbs but being rebuked by bright lights and tendrils.  The squad could do nothing but stand and gape in awe and fear at a struggle that felt as though it had raged since the beginning of time.
  The ticket angel would stretch out tendrils towards them, and over and over the dark being would sever them.  It seemed determined to thwart the attempts of the angel to send them home.
  The humans grew increasingly anxious and scared as it seemed that the ticket angel would never manage to reach them all.  The fight went on and on with neither being seeming to gain the upper hand - perhaps as though neither was supposed to win.  Just as they were beginning to despair, a new combatant entered the arena.
  They barely saw whoever or whatever it was.  There was merely a flicker of darkness that danced across the room, seeming to wrap around the head portion of the dark being.
  This apparently blinded it enough that the ticket angel was able to gain a momentary reprieve and spread it's tendrils quickly to the humans.
  "Aight guys, tell me about yo home quickly"  It said inside each of their heads.
  They frantically tried to describe anything unique that might help the ticket angel to figure it out - but unbeknown to them, there were thousands of worlds that were near enough identical to theirs.
  The dark being shifted and wobbled, attempting to free itself of the blinding presence.  It managed to sever one of the tendrils by mistake, but this was quickly replaced with another.
  A sudden thought popped into Bydalo's head.
  "Our world had a portal of some kind in it!  a strange little black cloud that was held within a glass container!  Nobody knew where it came from"
  "OK that helps.  Anything else weird happen back in yo crib?"
  "Erm... A Woolguard from Lambda was somehow transported there?  He had no idea what happened" Bydalo added.
  The ticket angel considered for a moment, as though performing calculations and checks.
  "I think I got it.  I'm gonna break the tendrils and you and yo people gotta bust it outta here to one of the transport boxes before the big nasty gets you.  Understand?"
  All of them had heard this, and they each nodded, more than ready to scarper away from the dark entity.  They held out their hands as they had done before and a fresh travel coin appeared.
  "Go!"  The ticket angel commanded.
  They needed no further prompting, turning and speeding out of the hall as though their arses were on fire and there was a bucket of water outside.
  Unfortunately, they were not the only ones.  The dark entity had freed itself of the mysterious blindfold and had abandoned it's contest with the ticket angel, instead decided to rotate it's strange body and come lurching after them.
  It didn't exactly walk, but it moved in a way that looked somewhere between walking and rolling, with it's own body contorting and shifting to pull itself forward.  The sound that it made as it scraped and clashed on the floor was the type of sound that made your skin crawl - except it was far louder than that.  It made your soul crawl.
  "Move, move, move!"  Bydalo yelled at them, bringing up the rear with Brob and his awkward boot.
  "Damnit Brob, forget the boot!"
  Even in his state of fear, Brob was having none of it and shood Bydalo away.  He'd sooner face the horror behind them then give up his favourite weapon.
  They fled across the platform to the nearest transport box, skidding to a halt and trying desperately to focus on getting the door open.
  After what felt like an achingly long time, it finally begin to swing outwards. They piled in, turning to wait for Brob and Bydalo and screaming for them to hurry, for the dark mass was almost upon them.
  Brob leapt in first, crashing into Sephra and Rack and bearing them to the ground painfully.  Bydalo made his leap immediately afterwards into the rapidly closing door, landing instead on the floor instead of any nice comfortable friends.
  As Smim, Arissa, and Trufty looked on, willing the door to close faster with every fiber of their being, they saw part of the dark entity reach into the narrowing gap.  This arm-like appendage rooted around frantically, furiously, seeking to grasp anything or anyone.  As the door gap narrowed, the form shifted itself and continued to spread itself into the box, forcing them all to back into a corner.  They felt like pitiful animals.
  Finally the door closed shut with an echoing permanence.  It severed the dark entity's appendage from the main body, and within their minds they all heard the chorus of horrible voices rage and scream.
  However, the piece left behind did not die with that.  It collected itself into a small blob and began rolling around the floor, bumping blindly into the walls.  It was only a matter of time before it touched one of them, and they had no idea what would happen if it did.  Would it possess them?  Kill them instantly?  Take their form?
  They all hopped around, evading the small black blob.  Despite how ridiculous the situation may have looked to an outside observer, they were all still terrified.  How long was this transport going to take?
  "Can we trap it somehow?  Or at least hit it with something?"  Sephra yelled after narrowly leaping out of the way of the blob.
  It seemed that everybody was ignoring her question, until Smim quickly pulled out his home-made blanket.  He gave it a quick, sad look before tossing it over the blob.
  If he had been hoping it would somehow slow the thing, he had been wrong.  Instead, the blanket seemed to be sucked into it and mightily crunched into nothingness with the sound of tearing spacetime.  Smim gasped and clutched at his heart, feeling fresh agony at the loss of his favourite blankie.  What would Mother think?
  The relentless rolling continued.  The blob didn't look as though it had any senses that it could use to detect where they were, and was instead driven to roll around aimlessly.  The hopping game continued while they waited to escape the transport box that was beginning to feel worryingly tomb-like.
  Their wish was granted when they all found themselves falling face-first onto a hard stone floor.  Everybody scrambled hurriedly to their feet and ran towards the nearest wall, frantically trying to get away from the blob, wherever it was.
  As soon as his senses returned, Bydalo realised where they were.  Despite the present danger, he was overcome by a huge surge of relief as he looked about at the familiar stone walls of the Hall of Heroes.
  He understood this to be the large room where the portal had been when they initially set out on their mission - but it was radically different.  It reminded him of the interplanar station, minus all the living things.  Papers were strewn across the floor, the wooden desks were smashed into kindling, and most importantly the large glass housing that had previously contained the portal was now a pile of broken shards on the floor.
  "What happened here?"  He asked, nimbly leaping over the blob as it came his way.
  "It looks like the end of the world came here for a quick stop before going to the interplanar station..."  Sephra said, curiosity in her voice.
  Brob shifted uneasily, hoping nobody would notice his discomfort.
  "What happened to the portal container?  More importantly - what happened to the portal?"  Bydalo said.
  Before anybody managed to sniff out Brob's guilt, the blob started doing something alarming.
  It had given up rolling around their feet and instead headed over to the broken shards of glass.  As it rolled over them, they were taken into it's form and became a part of it in a way that looked very familiar to it's daddy back in the interplanar station.  It grew in size with the added mass - and proceeded to head towards the broken up desks to incorporate those into it's form as well.
  "Uh... that's not good"  Rack said.
  "Trufty, the door!  Let's get out of here!"  Bydalo shouted to the knight, who was happened to be closest to the doorway.
  He tried the handle but the room was locked.  Presumably because something terrible had happened when the portal housing was shattered.  Trufty rapped on the door with his fist and called out for anyone to let them out.  Bydalo didn't wait to see if help was going to come.
  "Damn!  Brob, do the honours will you?"
  Glad of the distraction from his guilt, and always happy to break stuff, Brob pawed the ground like an angry bull and launched himself, armoured shoulder first towards, the door.  As he soared through the air with his eyes screwed shut, he prepared for the solid contact and the crash that would follow.
  When it did not come, he opened his eyes and to his shock he was greeted by the sight of an open door and an ugly, sweaty wizard looking up at him in total terror and surprise.
  He quickly rolled his shoulder so that the armoured spike wouldn't skewer the wizard.  If he hadn't managed it in time, there would have been a hell of a mess to clean up.
  They collided painfully and tumbled into a heap on the stone floor, both cursing and trying to get back to their feet.  
  "Get your stupendous bulk off me!"  Chauncey said with disgust.  Human contact was anathema to him at the best of times.
  Brob rolled to one side and shoved himself skyward, his ridiculous metal boot making a heavy sound as it returned to the stone floor.  The wizard fixed his garments back into place and glared at nobody in particular.
  "You idiots!"  Chauncey shouted, noticing for the first time the newly augmented black mass rolling around the room and making distressing noises.
  "Is there anything you can do about this ... thing?"  Bydalo asked desperately as Sephra ran around the edge of the room to circumvent it's path.
  "Oh, sure, the end of the world is here and guess who has to save everyone?"
  "Well... you're the guy with magic powers.  What do you think we're gonna do, stab it?"  Sephra said with an angry sarcastic tone.
  "What did you mean, 'the end of the world is here'?" Bydalo asked.
  "Oh... Oh no" Smim said as though his death sentence had just been signed.
  The wizard rolled up his sleeves, revealing chubby wrists and purple blemishes on his skin.  He was an extremely uhealthy looking individual, but right now he was the big cheese, and their best hope of not being shredded into confetti and swallowed into a black hole.
  He ignored Bydalo's question and began focusing intently, performing the funny little hand gestures he had done when creating the portal window that they had spoken to Biggins through.  It felt like months had passed since then, but in reality it had merely been a few days.
  As he stood there, a faint white glow beginning to form around his hands and sweat appearing on his brow, the black blob turned in his direction.  Perhaps it was bad luck, or perhaps it could sense the magic, but either way the wizard was oblivious and in danger of being murdered.
  "Somebody do something!"  Arissa yelled, pushing Bydalo's arm as if to prompt him to action.  His mouth gaped as the scene unfolded before him as though in slow motion.  The little black blob rolled incessantly forwards, the shards of glass and timber within it creating such discordant noises on the stone floor that it caused the hairs on the back of his neck to stand.
  Brob saw his chance to redeem himself.  This was just the job for him!
  He stepped forwards, putting his hands under the armpits of the wizard (recoiling slightly at the smelly damp there) and hoisting him into the air.
  Chauncey apparently didn't notice, staying in his focused trance and continuing to build up to some kind of spell.
  Brob evaded the blob as nimbly as his gigantic metal boot would allow, and tried to cause minimal disturbance to the wizard.  He returned the smarmy man to the ground as soon as he could and wiped his hands on his trousers with a noise of disgust.
  A moment later, the wizard finished his spell and a small ball of white light coalesced at his fingertips and shot out, arcing towards the blob and leaving a faint trail behind it.  When it collided with the dark mass, it was sucked inward as Smim's blanket had been, but it seemed to pull the rest of the blackness in with it so that it folded in on itself with that strange fabric tearing sound they had heard before.  The shards of glass and wood crunched upon eacother, but fell to the floor instead of following the darkness and the light to wherever they had gone.
  Chauncey huffed as though he'd just finished running up a long flight of stairs, wiped his brow, and then tried to shuffle out of the room without having to talk to anyone.  Bydalo was not about to let him escape that easily.
  "Hey, wait!  What was that?  How did you kill it?  What's this about the end of the world?"
  The wizard pretended not to hear him and instead lowered his head and started speeding for the doorway.
  Bydalo looked to Brob, who took his cue and picked the wizard up again - much to his displeasure - and plopped him in front of the rest of the squad where he stood, streaming off expletives in a conversation that seemed to be with himself.
  "Imbeciles!  They bring all manner of darkness here and they ask me... Idiots, all idiots!  My rage knows no bounds!  And now they kidnap me..."
  "We haven't kidnapped you, we just want some answers"  Sephra said.
  "What is going on!?" Poor Smim said with exasperation.
  The wizard looked up for the first time, his beady and bloodshot eyes burning holes in Smim's corneas.
  "YOU!  You complete and utter morons!  You were supposed to go on a simple mission to retrieve a sheep and you've somehow managed to kick off the bloody apocalypse!"
________________


CHAPTER 20
THE ENDING OF THE WORLD, PRESENTLY
  Bydalo was irritated by the wizard's accusation.
  "What do you mean WE kicked off the apocalypse? You don't even know the hell we've just been through!"
  Brob's stomach tightened and his moustache sank in the same way that a dog's face does when it knows it's been caught stealing biscuits.  His time had come and he was about the face the judgement of his comrades.
  "THIS blustering monster"  Chauncey exclaimed, gesturing violently towards Brob, "Managed to destroy the glass housing for the portal when he leaped through after the rest of your sad little team!"
  They all looked to Brob in surprise.  Arissa, Trufty, Smim, and Rack were all sympathetic and saw his guilt, but Sephra and Bydalo on the other hand were far less charitable.  Before the captain could deliver an admonishment, Sephra stepped forward and slapped the back of his head.
  "Brob!  You didn't even say anything!"
  He lowered his head in shame and shuffled his regular-booted foot awkwardly.
  "I'm sorry... it was an accident!  I'm not the best jumper OK?"
  It was the first time they'd ever heard Brob show anything less than total self belief, and it was a humbling moment of vulnerability.  Trufty embraced him.
  "Thank you for sharing, Brob.  We all have our gifts, and your intentions were good."  He said comfortingly.
  The wizard looked completely unimpressed with the dislpays of emotion that were going on.  Bydalo, for once, related to the fuzzy little man.
  "You idiot Brob, you total bloody idiot!  You cretin, that's what you are!"
  All of his frustration, confusion, fear, and anxiety had finally erupted, and the ensuing storm had landed on poor Brob's broad shoulders.  The little strongman's head fell further down into the dumps.
  "Hey now, take it easy cap'n"  Rack said in his deep, macho tone.  He'd spoken in a way that had sounded soothing but still carried enough subtle undertone that let Bydalo know he'd stepped out of line.
  The captain apologised for his outburst and awkwardly adjusted his clothing and hair, not quite sure what to do with his hands while the rest of them stood in silent judgement.
  "You're absolutely right, captain.  The cretin designated as 'Brob' has unwittingly unleashed armageddon on us all!"  The wizard said.  He was the last friend Bydalo wanted to have out of all the available options - even the black blob of doom would have been better.
  "You keep talking about this apocalypse - what are you on about?"  Sephra asked.
  "Have you not noticed that the crackling black cloud of the portal is missing from this room?"
  There was a chorus of 'ohhh yeah!' from the group as they suddenly realised.  The wizard continued as though he was having to explain that the sky was blue.
  "When calamitous Brob here smashed the glass housing on your initial journey, the portal was no longer constrained.  It began to grow until it filled half of the room.  That was when dark creatures began arriving through it..."
  They noted with some sympathy (as much as they could spare for this terribly annoying man) that he was afraid.  They also realised that he looked utterly exhausted, as though he hadn't slept properly in days.
  "Fortunately for me, I was able to teleport myself away with a scroll and join Biggins and the logistics teams.  Baarnaby... I don't know the details but he must have fought and been wounded.  It was only thanks to the miraculous heroism of Agent Serenity that either of them made it out alive.  The creatures came... and kept coming..."
  He trailed off and stared at the wall as he relived the horrible memory.
  "Where are all these creatures?  And what happened to the portal?"  Bydalo asked quietly after a few moments of silence.
  "The portal seems to have disappeared.  I am keeping tabs on the location, as we doubt it is gone for good.  As for the creatures, well... follow me"
  And with that he hustled out of the room.  They quickly followed suit and tailed him as he scuttled down the stone corridoor, past the strange locked doors.  Before leaving the building they noted with some anguish the bloodstains and patches of wool on the floor around Baarnaby's station.
  The main door had been knocked off it's hinges and still lay upon the ground outside in the weak sunlight, several feet away from the front of the Hall of Heroes.  Bydalo stepped out first and looked around.
  His stomach folded in on itself and for a tiny moment he felt dizzy.
  It was as though some deity had plucked one perfect cube of matter away from their world and taken it somewhere else.  the ground remained, flattened out in an area roughly twice the size of the Crusty Pantaloons - but everything else was gone.  Buildings had been immaculately severed in half and their insides exposed (and swiftly looted by locals).  There was a blood stain along one border of this box of stolen matter, and it did not take much imaginative power to figure out what had happened.
  There was debris and litter scattered around the area, due likely to people fleeing the scene in a hurry and leaving behind anything that didn't matter.
  "What... happened?"  Bydalo asked lamely of the wizard.
  "Clearly something far beyond our knowledge, with powers we cannot comprehend, decided to wreak havoc on our city"  Chauncey replied in his usual condescending tone.  Seeing Bydalo's dark look, he continued on.
  "There are two wizards in this city, myself and one other - a complete amateur by the name of Johnson, but he did OK I guess.  Biggins forced us to come down here when Baarnaby and Agent Serenity sounded the alarm."
  "You just came down here blind?  against monsters?"  Arissa asked in awe.
  Her use of the word 'monsters' kind of annoyed Bydalo.  Monster hunting was supposed to be their job, and they'd already done a fair bit of it!
  "Only an idiot would have come up with that plan - hence why it was Biggins' bright idea.  Unfortunately, donkeys call the shots around here.  So we came down to find the area like this, and a man-sized black monster looking around the place"
  They were all so shocked by the scene before them, as well as still feeling the adrenaline from everything that had happened to them over the last hour, that it was as if the creature was still around the corner.  The wizard's retelling enraptured everybody.
  "It was unlike your blob back there, it appeared to be made of flesh, though it was still entirely black.  Naturally we knew we had to do something or we'd be dead.  I, uh, made the tactically sound decision of finding cover while Johnson foolishly tried to stand his ground."
  Bydalo raised an eyebrow.  This description seemed like an extremely charitable phrasing of 'cowardice with extra steps'.
  "He managed to get off one spell, and he seemed to have luckily chosen the right one.  That white light that we use in creating the little dimensional pockets and windows seems to do something nasty to them!  Sadly it managed to get a swing in at him as it was folding in on itself and... well... His head disappeared.  I quickly reported back to Biggins on what had happened and I've been trying to clean up ever since!"
  He paused to allow them a moment to bask in the glory of his wizardly powers and courageous reporting home to daddy.
  Sephra snorted.
  "So you hid while Johnson bravely faced the monster, and then ran off afterwards?"  She said acidly.
  Chauncey was greatly flustered by her calling him out, and he began ranting on to himself about how he was too busy to spoon feed idiots and must get back to work.  He shuffled off, presumably in the direction of Biggins and the logistics folk.
  Bydalo gestured quietly at the others that they should follow, and so they set off slowly, keeping a bit of distance between them and Chauncey.  If he noticed them following him, he didn't seem to care or give any outward sign.
  After a little while the wizard disappeared into the doorway of a very generic looking building not far from the Hall of Heroes.  He slammed the door behind him very passive-aggressively.
  They stepped up to the door and Bydalo knocked.  When no answer came after a second knock, he took the initiative and walked in.  He was greeted with a spear in the face, wielded by a drunk-looking town guardsman.
  "WHO'S THAT?"  Came the familiar roar of Biggins' voice.  It was somehow comforting.
  "Bydalo and the squad... Sir"  The younger captain replied.
  "Ah!  So you bloody well survived!  Good show, good show.  Got the sheep's wool have you?"
  He spoke nonchalantly, as though the apocalypse the wizard spoke of was only a secondary concern.
  "No.  We have some questions about the mission, actually"
  Biggins snapped his entire focus onto Bydalo, eyes bulging as he readied for a good old dressing-down.
  "Go ahead then soldier, and be quick about it!"
  Bydalo proceeded to explain everything that had happened, and his concerns about the wild goose chase they had been sent on.  He asked why they had been sent to find something that almost certainly didn't exist, by people who supposedly had no idea about the place it was supposed to exist in.  He also got Brob to show Biggins the knife which had mysteriously helped them to bring down Geri - and thus make it home alive.
  The guard captain took a minute to let it all sink in before he responded.  For once, he was quieter and more careful with his words.
  "Now you listen up and listen good - all of you - things are now set in motion which cannot be undone.  The enemy has arrived within our very own walls.  Forget the gate, the barbarians are here already!  We must prepare for war."
  He paced up and down before them as if considering many things.
  "I don't know what this bloody dagger is all about but we'll get our top men on it immediately.  As for the sheep's wool... those orders came down from far above my pay grade and even I was left out of the reason behind that mission."
  "So that epic life-threatening journey we just went on was a mysterious waste of time?"  Bydalo said incredulously.
  "What's more, you kicked the hornet's nest while you were at it!" Biggins replied, as though the prospect of a real scrap was music to his ears.  He thrived on the action and the buzz of the preparatory activity.
  They looked around the room at this point, noting that there were quite a few orderlies and minor officers of the town guard bustling about, shifting papers, taking notes, bickering about minor decisions.  They even noticed Agent Serenity sitting calmly in the corner watching proceedings.  Notably absent was Baarnaby.
  "Well what are we supposed to do now exactly?"  Sephra demanded, entirely unimpressed by the hierarchy of command.  Her disrespect showed in Biggins' expression, however the fact that he did not shout at her likely meant that he respected her tenacity.
  "You'll do your jobs.  Monster hunters I thought you said you were, hmm?  It just so happens that me and the boys have a monster problem..."
  "Adventurers for hire..." Smim mumbled.
  "Smim's right.  We're for hire.  We did what we were ordered to do and our services are now our own to sell."  Bydalo said, pleased with his own unscrupulous assertion.
  "O-ho!  Is that so?  And you don't think that your man there bringing about the end of the world leaves you with a portion of the responsibility?"  Biggins said as though he couldn't believe they were passing up this opportunity for glory.
  They stood in mute silence for a moment, all the wind taken from their sails.  He was absolutely right, there was no way they could be cheeky enough to expect payment for helping save the world when it was their fault it was in trouble in the first place.
  "Damnit Brob!"  Sephra exclaimed.  There went the beer money.
  "That's more like it.  Willing troops always have better morale than whipped ones!"  Biggins said.  Hopefully it was just a figure of speech.
  "Huzzah!"  Trufty said.
  "Now then.  We've had all sorts of strange beasts running amok in the city.  It's worse than you rookies probably realise!  The combat zone always is... they don't teach you that as a recruit!  A stiff upper lip is mandatory.  Anyway..."
  He marched himself around to the far side of a large table which had a detailed map of the city on it.  On this map were coloured markings, indicating sightings of targets and recordings of combat.  There were two ominous blackened squares.
  "So whatever it was has taken two blocks of our city away?  What the hell can do that?"  Bydalo asked.
  "No intel on that yet, all we know is that it needs to be engaged and neutralised.  We've heard reports of all sorts of strange monsters and beasts around - some more dangerous than others.  Either the civvies are hysterical with fear, or these creatures are all different in size and form..."
  An orderly interrupted him with a quiet request for something.  Biggins screamed at the man to get out of the way while he was briefing the troops.
  "... We've brought down quite a few, but more keep appearing.  Some of the braver folk have even taken matters into their own hands - over on Bog Street they brought down a big one when it apparently slipped over in all the excrement.  Bloody good show for civvies I'll say!"
  Sephra nodded with fierce pride.  The people from her neck of the woods weren't about to take the apocalypse sitting down - they'd spent their whole lives being dumped on by forces outside of their control.  This was just a regular day in the life.
  Biggins went on to detail a timeline of events, from the moment that Brob had smashed the portal and up until they had reappeared.  Apparently there had been non-stop fighting between scout patrols and the extra-dimensional beasts.
  The squad interjected here and there with questions, but mostly just stood in shocked silence.  They couldn't believe what was happening - they'd left their extremely boring and ordinary home just a few days ago hoping to squash some giant rats and here they were being roped into fighting the spawn of hell.  They weren't on a learning curve so much as looking up at a learning cliff, and if they didn't manage to climb to the top then it was game over.
  "What do you want us to do then?"  Rack asked.
  Biggins looked up at the towering man, his enormous helmet somehow not falling to the floor behind him.
  "To start with, you'll need to engage in some damage control.  I'll give you last known locations of targets and you can head out and investigate.  If you find anything that doesn't look local then you terminate with extreme prejudice, do you get me?"
  "We get you, Sir"  Some of the orderlies automatically responded, as they had been trained.
  "Good.  Once we've got the situation more under control, the next objective will be finding out what the bloody hell we're up against and whether we can stop it.  Do you have any intel to report based on what you've seen?"
  "In the planar station we saw a ticket angel fighting a big black man-cloud made of darkness and glass!"  Arissa said.
  Biggins rounded on her as though she were a child that had somehow sneaked in.  Spittle flew from his mouth as he ranted at her.
  "What on earth are you talking about?  If you're to soldier then you'd best square yourself away and formulate a better damn report immediately!"
  Instead of being cowed by this display of anger, Arissa raised one eyebrow and adopted a sassy expression, as though 'the help' had just stepped out of line.
  "Excuuuse me little man, I told you exactly what happened, and I don't appreciate your negative tone.  We were chased by a huuuge man-like thing made of darkness, and it had swirling shards of glass all around and inside it!  It was suuuper scary but we escaped"
  Biggins looked stunned by the insurbordination.  Never in all his years had he been talked to by a grunt this way.  His moustache bristled fiercely and his eyes were stretched open.  Before he could explode, Arissa continued.
  "Maybe you should just give us our first target and we'll get busy cleaning up the nasty monsters!"
  The little commander was so shocked by this blatant disregard for regulation and hierarchy that he spluttered and gestured and mumbled until he finally gave up and waved over an orderly.
  "You there.  Assign a target to the grand monster hunters here, and give them something light to start with.  They'll be running scared from this one with the braided hair."
  
  
________________
CHAPTER 21
A BRIEF FORAY INTO MUNICIPAL HOUSEKEEPING
  Half an hour later they had their mission.  A creature the size of a large man had been spotted a mere few lanes over from Bog Street, heading in that general direction.  It was described as having three of each limb, dark red skin, no eyes, and a particularly nasty set of teeth.
  "You'll probably want to surround it and use these longer reach weapons of yours to bring it down safely"  The orderly suggested.  Bydalo considered it as stating the obvious, but wasn't in the mood to be scathing.
  "Once you've taken it out, report back and we'll sort you some food and a place to sleep in the barracks"
  That sounded good.  They were all exhausted, despite having only been awake for several hours.  Ever since Ghoul Town their adrenal systems had been firing like the mouth of a vomiting drunk in the Crusty Pantaloons.  Just one light spot of demon bashing and they'd get to have nap time!
  "Come on then, let's get this done."  Bydalo said resignedly.
  "What glory!  A chance to directly protect the meek and innocent!  This is about as crusade-y as it gets!"  Trufty said with excitement.  
  Bydalo couldn't tell if he was back to his old self, or if he was trying to cover up his previous trauma with false enthusiasm.
  The squad headed outside into the street.  Back here in the home world it was later in the day than their bodies were expecting - apparently the times didn't line up across the different planes of existence.  Who'd have thought?
  It was mildly discomfiting, but everybody carried on regardless as the promise of some good grub and a place to lie down was too dreamy to pass up.
  Bydalo suggested that Rack lead them towards the last known sighting of the creature since he knew the back streets where they could travel unhindered by curious civilians.  In the meantime, the captain tried to plan out the encounter with the dangerous monster so that they could hopefully avoid losing more flesh and blood.  Back here, away from the sheep world, his arm ached awfully where Geri had lacerated it and he didn't fancy another scratch.
  It was not far to the appointed spot, and just before they reached it Bydalo had everyone stop and form a huddle so he could go through his plan.
  Trufty would take point since he had a shield - who knew what ranged attacks this beast might be capable of?
  Once they had eyes on, they would fan out with Rack and Bydalo standing at either side of Trufty, providing the main thrust of the attack.  The others would attempt to circle around behind the thing and only draw it's attention if they either saw a striking opportunity, or if things were going badly for the point men.
  As he explained the plan, the rest nodded their understanding.
  "Alright, eyes and ears peeled.  Let's head in the direction of Bog Street and look for the beast.  I'm gonna guess it hasn't stuck around - Arissa?"
  "Yes?"  She said, turning rapidly to face Bydalo.  She'd been absent mindedly looking through someone's front window at the squalor within.
  "Would you mind tracking the monster?"
  "Ooh, do you think it's left any droppings?"
  "I don't like the excitement with which you asked that, and no I doubt it.  It doesn't come from our world so who knows if it eats or poops!"  Bydalo replied.
  "Come on, let's get after it!  I've gotta redeem myself!"  Brob said, back to his usual self and stomping his boot on the cobbled street.
  They began moving slowly, spreading out slightly across both sides of the streets they were walking down.  The trail of the beast was easy to follow in many places, as it had wreaked a path of destruction that was very obvious.  It's path looked quite random, as though it didn't really understand where it was and was confused and enraged.
  Several pools of blood and smashed doors later, they came to the end of Bog Street.  Sephra sniffed.
  "Ahhh, no place like 'ome!"  She said with satisfaction.
  Smim mimicked her olfactory action and gagged.
  "Eugh!  Take me back through the portal this is horrid!"  He moaned.
  Rack gave him a playful shove forwards to get them all moving again.  Their feet made light splashing noises as they traipsed through the filth of the street.
  "I can't actually tell where the beast's path is now.  Bog Street practically looks better than we left it!"  Bydalo said, trying to drum up a bit of humour.  Sephra slapped him on the back of the head.
  They continued along, drawing nearer to HQ and Sephra's shop.  Just as they were getting close enough to actually see their old haunts for what felt like the first time in ages, they realised that the monster had seemed focused on this spot in particular.  Not good.
  The doors to their headquarters hadn't just been smashed, they'd been obliterated with such force that the wooden walls around them had been damaged as well.  All of the window shutters were either destroyed or hanging off.  It even looked like there were scorch marks here and there.
  "Cap'n, maybe it'd be best if me and Brob took a look and the rest waited outside?" Rack offered.
  Bydalo nodded and then gestured for the rest to take up a defensible spot near the two buildings.  He then gave the floor to Rack and Brob, who stalked towards the smashed doorway - as well as a giant and a man with a metal foot could stalk.
  "I'm gonna completely annihilate that monster and it's daddy, and it's daddy's daddy for wrecking my shop!"  Sephra whispered with intense but contained rage.  Bydalo winced, again feeling guilty for bringing Sephra into all this.
  Mind you, she might be dead inside that very shop right now if she had never come along with the squad.
   They anxiously waited for Rack and Brob, expecting to hear the sound of combat any second.
  Except they didn't.  The two returned after a couple of minutes, hustling over to join the rest and report their findings.
  "Everythin' in there's broken cap'n.  Damn beast must have been lookin' for us, ain't no other buildings lookin' this beat up."  Rack said.
  "But it's not stuck around to finish the job though!"  Brob added with some disappointment in his voice.
  "Hmm"  Bydalo said.  "I don't like this one bit.  Why is everything that's going on focused around us?  I mean, I know we started the apocalypse, but still.  This doesn't seem fair"
  Rack simply looked at him, waiting for the next order.  Bydalo suddenly realised how un-captainly he'd just sounded.
  "Ahem.  Brob, take Arissa into HQ and do a more detailed assessment.  I want to know how long we think it is since the beast was here.  The rest of us will check out Sephra's shop."
  They split, Bydalo this time leading the way into Sephra's little place.  It wasn't as badly damaged as their headquarters had been, but it had definitely been targeted in the same way.
  He pushed gently on the door (which was still attached, but only just) and felt a mild irritation at the loud and ominous creak which it created as it moved.  Anything hiding inside knew for sure that they were coming.
  He stepped into the musty gloom, wishing there was more daylight coming in through Sephra's incredibly cheap and dirty windows.  He couldn't see very much for a few moments until his eyes adjusted.  Luckily, no demons came at him.
  "The damage isn't so bad in here"  He said.
  "It's bad enough.  This better be made right..."  Sephra said.
  Bydalo knew what that meant, and simply didn't answer.
  "Check the brewing room"  Sephra added, gesturing Bydalo forwards towards the door at the back of the main shop room.
  He turned and crept forwards, again gently pushing the door inwards.  It was even darker still in the back room, and he had to step in to adjust his eyes and begin to see.  His eyes roved around the room at work surface level, noting broken glass and spilled ingredients everywhere.  He then looked at the floor.
  And had yet another mild heart attack.
  There, at his feet and totally unconscious, lay a three-armed monster from hell.  Even in the dark, Bydalo could see that it's skin was leathery and dark red.  He could also make out that the civilians had been a little wrong about it's "third leg".  It's excessively large and dreadful looking teeth could also be seen, poking out around it's lips and glinting slightly.
  The captain froze, and the others did likewise, sensing something was wrong.  He turned as slowly and silently as he possibly could, thinking to bring Rack forward to deliver a coup de grace to the monster.
  As he turned, his narrower profile allowed Sephra to partially see past him.  When she saw the smashed glass and spilled ingredients her eyes bulged and she inhaled sharply.
  Bydalo frantically waved, trying to prevent the incoming shouting.  Luckily, it was enough.  She snapped out of her rage momentarily and looked at him in confusion.
  "Look!  It's here and it's unconscious!"  Bydalo hissed urgently.
  Her eyes drifted downwards and again widened, this time in surprise.  Her expression then changed to one of resolve.
  "Out of my way.  This thing has drunk all me special brew and is totally smashed!"  She whispered in anger.
  Before he could protest, Bydalo had been shoved aside as Sephra drew her shabby old sword and stepped forward.  He almost didn't dare to look, but he turned to see Sephra standing over the monster with her sword held in both hands high over her head.
  She plunged it straight downwards, aiming for the beast's chest where presumably it's vital organs would be, if it had any.  The strike was true, and the blade plunged deep into it's flesh, spurting hot wet blood everywhere in a gruesome torrent.
  "Uuugh!  THAT'S FOR DRINKING ALL ME BREW!"  Sephra screamed, letting off a torrent of insults and cathartic animal noises to release her pent-up fury.  She started going into some kind of blood rage as the monster lay there dying, struggling weakly as it's body drained of all life.
 There were horrific sounds of slicing and dicing, and after several agonising minutes Sephra stood up, the monster's head hanging by it's very meagre patch of hair from her hand.  She raised it triumphantly, looking pretty demonic herself with blood covering her from head to foot.
  She roared her primal victory to the world, and then promptly vomited.  Once again, it set off a chain reaction of mostly dry heaving - since they were all still starving.
  "By all that is good and righteous!"  Trufty gasped between convulsions, utterly horrified by what he saw before him.
  "What the hell was that Sephra??  You could have missed and got us all killed!"  Bydalo ranted, very unhappy to be covered in blood and throwing up his guts once again.
  She turned to simply stare at him wild-eyed.  It was slightly worrying to see how unhinged she had become.  Oh well, at least the job was complete!
  "For the love of Smim's lost blanket, leave that severed head behind and let's go get cleaned up across the road?"  Bydalo asked more gently.
  She acquiesced and they all shuffled out of the shop, closing the door behind them though this seemed like a token gesture.  Sephra's supply of arse cream had long since been looted.
  As they were miserably traipsing across the street, the blood rapidly congealing and making them reek, Arissa and Brob emerged from HQ.
  "Guys, guys!"  Arissa said with her customary excitement, apparently either not noticing the blood and vomit or not caring about it.
  "What is it?  We're in dire need of a bath so watch out"  Bydalo said, indicating for them to turn about and head back in.
  Once they were gathered in the large downstairs room where, what felt like years ago, a few of them had slept on the floor after a night at the pub, Bydalo asked Arissa what she was so excitable about.
  "We found two sets of tracks in here, one that looks like it could be from our monster and the other from a man!  We think the monster must be nearby because the markings are recent!"
  Bydalo looked incredulously at her, and then with purposeful slowness lowered his head to observe his own blood-splattered clothing.
  "Aw, did you get 'im already?" Brob asked sadly.
  "Sephra got him alright.  The monster is in the back of her shop, deader than dead.  I've never seen anything like it!"  Smim said.
  "He stole me brew."  She said simply, in a quiet voice.  She had calmed down.
  "Where are the human tracks?  Aren't they likely just some looters or something?"  Bydalo asked Arissa.
  "Uh, cap'n, no offense but there ain't much to loot in here"  Rack pointed out.
  It made sense.  The place had been entirely void of anything that could be stolen, and anyone walking past would have seen that through the massive gaping hole in the front of the building.  So who had been in, and why?
  Arissa showed them the signs she had found, though to the uninitiated squad she could have been making it all up - for they could barely see anything.  Bydalo decided to trust her judgement.
  "So what did they want?  Do you think they were somehow tied to the monster?  Why else would it apparently leave the person alive?"  He asked of the room.
  "I don't know if they were here together... but they weren't far apart.  I totally think the person was here first!  See how there is a faint footprint here with fresh dust scattered over it?  That will have been from the monster causing a draft!"
  Brob stomped forward, his metal boot causing the wooden floorboards to creak beneath his weight.
  "Nothing's been stolen, broken, or left behind captain.  Whoever they were, I dunno what they were doing."
  "Knowing our luck, nothing good.  I guess we might as well take our findings and report back to Biggins.  Maybe he'll have some more insight - and plus, we'll get some hot grub and a chance to sleep.  Sound good?"  Bydalo asked.
  They all nodded enthusiastically.  A pie and a pillow, that's all they asked!
*
  "Good show, good show!"  Biggins cheered, lauding Sephra's grisly but effective monster kill.  "Put one on the board for this bunch, it's always good to see rookies getting off the mark!"
  An orderly rushed to add their names to a chalkboard and draw a single strike next to Sephra's name.
  "We're actually a team so we should be counted together..."  Bydalo said, but Sephra interrupted him.
  "Thank you very much Chief, I'm just pleased to be cleaning up me home streets."
  "Oho, and humble too!  Double rations for this lot!"  Biggins said, never looking away from them but obviously speaking to one of his orderlies who jumped to the task straight away.
  "Follow Kalam there and he'll sort you out with some good old tuck, provided free of charge by the top brass in government.  Everything the body needs to fight a war!"  He added with a wink.
  Something told them this was going to be a pretty horrible meal - if it was provided for by the cheapskates in government and the best thing Biggins could say about it was that it had everything the body needed, then that wasn't promising.
  "Before we go Sir, there's something else.  Our HQ has been ransacked.  We think it was the monster that Sephra killed, but it seemed like it did a number on our place first.  Arissa also found tracks that indicated a human had been there first - but not much earlier than the monster."  Bydalo said.
  The Chief looked down at the map on his table, as though focusing on some other issue that was so important that he couldn't move onto Bydalo's concerns just yet.  The charade went on for several long moments before he finally looked up and spoke carefully, in a far quieter tone than usual.  Bydalo noticed that none of the orderlies were particular close by.
  "This isn't the first I'm hearing of something like this lad.  Look, our intelligence gathering has found suggestion that there may be a local element involved in the coming war - there's talk of insurrection!  Not on my watch, no sir.  Be careful what you say, and who you say it to.  From now on you'll report directly to me about any other sightings like this.  Understood?"
  "What do you think is going on?"  Bydalo asked.
  "Going on Sir.  Let's just say that I don't believe any of this is simply an accident anymore - and we'll leave it there for now."
  
________________
CHAPTER 22
FORMING A GLORIOUS COALITION WITH TRUE PROFESSIONALS
  When they had stuffed their faces with as much state-sponsored brown mush as they could stomach (which was quite a lot at this moment in time) the squad trudged back to the town guard barracks to try and find a spot to crash in.  Since it was still fairly early in the day, most of the cots were empty, so they all managed to group up in a shaded corner.
  They'd have preferred to sleep at their own HQ, but it was in no state for sleeping right now, and Bydalo also felt like it might be a risk to sleep there when a mysterious somebody seemed like they might have it in for them.
  A few hours of blissful sleep later, they were awoken by a gaggle of loud, deep voices that were boisterously bantering at the other end of the barracks.
  "Hrrrng" Brob complained.
  "Who is that!?  Who am I going to kill?"  Bydalo replied.
  He lifted his head and groggily looked towards the noise.  There were five men, all joking and pushing eachother around and drinking what was presumably beer.  Bydalo noticed that it was dark outside and again his body felt confused.
  "Who are those guys?"  Sephra asked with a strange interest in her tone.
  "I don't know but it looks like they've got some nice armour!"  Trufty replied with a similar tone.
  They were indeed well geared.  Their armour looked expensive, complete, and well maintained.  Each man also wore matching colours, marking them out as a unit.  As the squad's eyes adjusted, they noticed a flashy insignia emblazoned on each man's chest.
  "I know these men."  Rack said with just a hint of bitterness.
  "Old friends?"  Bydalo guessed.
  "Kinda.  I used to run with them, before they got all these fancy threads"
  "Sounds nefarious.  Who are they now?"  Sephra asked, putting a hand on Rack's huge arm.
  "They call themselves 'The Screeching Seagulls' these days.  Elite mercenaries, with an elite price tag.  Sorta like us, but better."
  The mercenaries had caught sight of them and their leader was heading over, the rest of his boys falling in behind him.  Rack groaned.
  The swaggering leader pulled up just short of their cots and took his time placing his extravagant helmet and sword down in an empty bed.  He then looked up, all immaculate hair and smug smile, and slowly inspected each one of them as though he were choosing his lunch.
  When he noticed Rack there was a brief moment of confusion followed by recognition.  His smug smile became wolfish.
  "Well would you look at this lads, it's our former brother in arms!  The mighty Rack, master of strategy!"
  The rest of The Screeching Seagulls laughed on cue.  Rack huffed air through his nose and held a stoic silence with his jaw locked.  Bydalo wondered what the story was here.
  "Back to selling your sword then?  I thought you gave up that life.  I thought you said were going to become a rogue, not a babysitter..."
  The big, ludicrously handsome man seemed to be goading Rack.  Now that he thought about it, Bydalo realised that the whole group were stupendously good looking and among them even Rack would appear quite average.
  "Go suck an egg, Chadley.  You're too old for this shit."
  Chadley, the leader, laughed uproariously at this.  It wasn't an authentic laugh, but the rest of the Seagulls echoed him anyway.
  "I see you're having a lot of success.  Maybe you should steal yourself some armour?"  Chadley taunted, gesturing towards Rack's Lupredator wounds.
  "Maybe he'll just take yours!"  Sephra said with venom.  Bog Street pride wouldn't stand for this.  Bydalo shot her an angry look, hoping to prevent a brawl from kicking off.
  It didn't look great.  As the Seagulls laughed again, Brob stood up out of his cot wearing nothing but a petite loincloth that he must have found somewhere.  His moustache and muscles flexed and rippled.
  "Dear me.  Hiring midgets - whatever next for Captain Rack?"
  "He's not the Captain, I am"  Bydalo tried to say with force and gravitas, standing from his cot and lifting his chin.
  "Oh what, your local chess team?"  Chadley said to yet another chorus of laughter.
  "Get outta here Chadley.  We're restin' up after killing one of them beasts that's been loose in the city"  Rack said, also joining Brob and Bydalo.
  "Just the one?  Tragic.  We've just come back from taking down three of them - it wasn't much challenge, not for professionals anyway.  But we'll leave you to your beauty sleep, heroes can't waste time in the barracks I'm afraid."  Chadley replied, retrieving his helmet and sword and turning to swagger out of the barracks with his squad.
  "I hate them more than the Lupredators and the black cloud-monster put together"  Bydalo said through gritted teeth.
  "I hate how turned on I am right now."  Sephra added.  She took a quick sip from a flask she'd salvaged from her old shop and winced.
  "They got charm for days, but no class"  Rack said.
  He looked to be quietly angry and having a moment, so the rest said nothing, however it felt odd since they hadn't really seen Rack express any outward feelings before.
  Bydalo gave it a few more moments before speaking on the matter.
  "Well... at least we're sort of on the same side right?  You never know, maybe they'll die in the line of duty.  I bet Biggins still chews them out anyway... Nobody can be that smug and annoying in front of an experienced veteran can they?"
  Rack grunted and got out of bed, dressing quickly and stomping outside.  His frustration was written all over his body language, but to his credit he didn't spread it around.  Brob had made to go after the big man, but Trufty laid a gentle hand on his muscular shoulder and quietly told him to let Rack go.
  "There's history there Brob.  I cannot imagine what I'd feel like if I had to leave a knightly order and then face them."  He said.
  They all returned to bed and drifted off to sleep after various lengths of time spent dwelling.  It was, on the one hand, reassuring to know that there were other groups fighting the end of the world with them, but did they have to be quite so unlikable?
  Morning came, and the squad was roused by the loud shouting of a drill sergeant, screaming for the layabout guardsmen to wake up.  The squad hadn't even realised that the men of the town guard had even joined them in the barracks - they must have been strangely stealthy when returning to their cots.
  It was very early, but they'd all had plenty of sleep so they didn't feel too grim, however there was a lot of general shuffling and grumbling as the guardsmen left their nice warm beds and began gearing up for the day.
  Their equipment was not great - especially not compared with The Screeching Seagulls luxury armour - but it would do the job of at least making them look like they could fight.
  The men plodded outside, urged on by their very wide awake drill sergeant, and formed a unit outside on the parade ground.  Bydalo tucked his head back under the covers, hoping to go back to sleep, but was rudely brought back to the surface by the drill sergeant marching over to them and yelling for them to get out of his guard house.
  "GET YOURSELVES SQUARED AWAY AND OUT OF MY BARRACKS THIS INSTANT.  IF YOU'VE GOT SO LITTLE TO DO THAT YOU'RE SLEEPING IN PAST DAWN THEN REPORT TO THE CHIEF AND ASK IF HE'D BE SO KIND AS TO GIVE YOU A JOB!  NOW, GO GO GO!"
  When it became clear that he wasn't going to give them any peace until they shifted their sorry arses, the squad rose from their beds and donned their gear.  It felt pretty disappointing and sort of embarassing after seeing the flashy threads of the Screaming Seagulls mercenaries.
  They trudged out of the barracks to avoid any more bollockings, and then stopped in a huddle to discuss plans.
  "So, more heroic monster slaying today?"  Trufty asked.
  "I hope not"  said Smim sleepily.  He was still carrying around his extremely cumbersome armour and weapon, and was yet to get a taste for combat.
  "Does the apocalypse look over to you Smim?  Come on. We'll go talk to Biggins.  Maybe his intelligence people have some information for us about that knife anyway"  Bydalo said, making a decision before anyone else could complain.
  They wandered off towards Biggins' logistics base, not trying overly hard to make it there quickly.  Surely it was reasonable to stop for some pies and cheese to fuel up before fighting to save the world?
  When Brob enthusiastically shoved in the door and stepped into the war room where they had previously met Biggins, he was surprised to find the room empty.  He heard the sounds of someone in another room through a corridoor, but apparently everyone else had left.
  A lone orderly emerged after hearing their entrance, looking incredibly busy and stressed.
  "Biggins?"  He questioned, his tone conveying most of the meaning.  He was too rushed to actually use words.
  "Yeah, where is he?"  Bydalo said.
  "Market Square.  Incident.  Big trouble."  The lone orderly said, his voice sounding as though he was on the verge of having a nervous breakdown but managing to contain it for now.
  "Sounds like just our kind of thing!"  Brob replied with a smile.  Arissa giggled and put a hand on his shoulder, which he promptly flexed.
  "Here we go again..."  grumbled Sephra.
  "Cheer up, isn't it a great morning to crusade against the forces of evil?"  Trufty said.
  He led the charge back out into the weak sunlight and they traipsed off towards Market Square.  Who knew, maybe they'd even get some nice victuals while they were there.
*
  The squad rounded the final street corner and stepped onto Market Square, where Biggins stood with a gaggle of orderlies and lower ranking Town Guard officers.  The Screaming Seagulls were, unfortunately, also in attendance.  What a rubbish name for a squad, Bydalo thought - before realising his own didn't even have a grandiose name yet.  How could he have missed out on that most important task?
  The large group was talking in heated voices about the scene before them.  A third cube of their city had disappeared during the night, this time taking slightly more with it.  Many of the best market stalls were simply gone, with the rest looted by the braver miscreants of town presumably before the sun had risen.
  Bydalo walked with haste over to Biggins, ignoring the Seagulls, and asked what he knew of the situation.
  "Not much to go on soldier, only had one witness and the silly fool hardly knew what he was saying.  Said some civvy had been standing here waving his arms around in the market and speaking some funny language and then all this just vanished!  No, no, we're going to need better intel than that!"
  "What?  That sounds like pretty important info... Sir.  Our ranger over here found tracks indicating that a person had been into our HQ just before one of those monsters went in!  Maybe it's related?"  Bydalo asked, not quite believing Biggins' flippant attitude.
  "Look soldier, there's a war on here and if you want to talk mysteries then go speak to our wizard or the intelligence boffins.  Meanwhile, I've got a world to save.  I don't have the bloody patience for you this morning, clear off!  Dismissed!"  The guard captain roared.
  For a moment Bydalo gaped in astonishment at this shocking decision making.  He'd only been a captain for about a week but he felt like this was the kind of thing Biggins should have been all over.
  He turned to the squad and shrugged before asking one of the orderlies to point them towards the right people.
  Before they got an answer, the leader of the Seagulls headed over.
  "Chadley."  Rack grunted, lifting his jaw aggressively towards their handsome leader.
  "Morning amateurs.  Glorious day for some heroism, nay?  Oh, I forgot, you wouldn't know.  Never mind, you'll learn - you're with us today."
  "Says who?"  Sephra retorted defiantly.
  "Says Biggins.  He's hired us to help clear up the nasty critters around town and he's got a big job for us today.  Said we'd need some help.  Of course - we don't - but if he wants you little ones to see how it's done then I won't stop him."  
  The tall, beautiful man finished speaking with a wink.  His confidence, unlike Rack's quiet solidity and charisma, crossed way over into the realm of arrogance... and yet it worked for him.
  Sephra's temper began to rise again, so Bydalo cut in to cool things down a bit.
  "What job is so big it needs so many people on it?"
  "Big scary baddie according to the scouts.  Armoured, long tail, huge claws.  I sure wouldn't like to be going against this thing without good quality armour of mine own"  Chadley joked.  The squad sheepishly looked to their own lack of gear.
  "And where was it last seen?"  Bydalo asked.
  "Not far North of here, towards the rich quarter.  Come on adventurelings, the Seagulls will take care of you.  Watch and learn, and who knows - if you're useful we might just tip you.  Looks like you could use the money, Rack"  He said, drawing sniggers from the rest of his band.
  The big man's lip curled slightly, but he didn't rise to the bait.  The rest could see how much this was all bothering him though, and they empathised.  It must have been hard to see your former squadmates doing so well and making so much money, even if they were hateful pricks.
  They all marched Northwards in a large group, the Seagulls bringing up the rear 'to give them experience taking point'.  More like using them as fodder.  Oh well, thought Bydalo, they'd faced, defeated, and escaped worse so far.  Maybe this was their chance to prove themselves while also sticking it to the stupidly handsome Screaming Seagulls.
  Within a short time they began seeing the signs of their target.  There was a frightening amount of damage done to the buildings facing the street, with walls being torn down in places and windows utterly smashed.  People's trade goods and belongings were strewn across the ground and raised voices could be heard.  It got worse when you remembered that buildings were much more durable than you were.
  When he saw an old woman grumbling to herself on her doorstop, Bydalo asked if she had any information on the monster.  She hadn't seen it, but she'd heard all the noise and panic some time around dawn - which meant that it could be anywhere really.  From the description, it sounded like it was likely large and at least as fast moving as people could be, if not faster.
  They continued following the trail of destruction, which was so easy that Arissa wasn't even needed up front.  They passed distraught people, furious people, traumatised and lost people.  The scenes of damage and suffering were pretty damn depressing if they were being honest - and scary to boot.
  Something about possibly dying right after breakfast felt wrong to Bydalo.  It seemed like there should be more fanfare and buildup to going to face death, and it should never happen while there's still sleep in your eye and a yawn stretching your face.  But of course, the apocalypse would wait for no man.
  They were walking along a street that must have looked idyllic before it was torn to pieces, diving into two single-file lines and staying close to the buildings for cover, when they heard a roar in the distance.  Again, it was unlike anything they had heard before and it sounded totally foreign to their ears.  It was akin to the twisting of huge pieces of metal, creaking and groaning as immeasurable force contorted it.  Once more the hairs stood on their necks.
  It was still in the distance, probably a couple of streets away, and against his better judgement Bydalo looked around to see the reaction of Chadley and his mercs.  He immediately cursed himself as he did so, feeling most uncaptainly.  It was both annoying and reassuring to find that they looked as relaxed as ever, and ready for anything.  They drew weapons, and so Bydalo indicated that the squad do the same.
  Everybody stopped and bunched up, waiting for instruction.
  "Come on adventurelings, no time to waste.  Let's get stuck in!  and if this thing kills me, then let it sell my bones!"  Chadley said with absolute confidence, as though this were a friendly game of cards.
  The rest of the Screaming Seagulls gave a soft cheer and nudged the squad into motion.  Brob alone joined in with their hype, doing a quick jab-cross combination to warm up.
  "Go on, get moving!"  Bydalo hissed to Smim who was standing in front of him and looking back with a terrified expression.
  "Y-you go first" He said.
  Ordinarily Bydalo would have given him a roasting for this but they didn't have time and he didn't want to act out in front of the Seagulls, so he irritably stepped around Smim and boldy marched forwards.  He hoped the others would actually follow for once.
  And follow they did.  The faster marching pace brought them closer and closer to the sounds of the beast, the cacophony of metallic roaring sounds mixed in with crashing wood and tumbling brick becoming almost unbearably loud.
  Bydalo and Brob, head of the two lines, were first to see it as they stopped on a street corner and peered around, still using what remained of some buildings for cover.
  The street was reasonably wide, with space for two carriages to travel abreast and unimpeded.  On either side were large and palatial town houses, with their own small yard spaces and fences - most of which were utterly destroyed.  Screaming voices could be heard, and here and there a broken corpse lay.
  The scene was grim, but they had no time to mourn, for their target was towards the end of the street and continuing it's rampage.  It was shaped roughly like a bear, though it's skin was a dark metallic grey colour.  It's limbs were longer, and looked powerful as it thrashed them around, gouging through solid brick walls and seeming to feel no pain.  It was at least twice Bydalo's height, with no discernible head.
  Judging by it's appearance and the sounds it was making, it must have been partially made of metal... and yet it moved like a regular creature.  It was not stiff or solid.
  "fuuuu-"  Sephra groaned when she popped up beside Brob for a look.
  Smim subconsciously gripped Bydalo's shoulder with all his strength as he did the same, enraptured by fear and awe.  Bydalo tried to brush the hand away as it was actually quite painful and a stiff arm was the last thing he'd need when charging gloriously to an early death.
  "How the hell are we supposed to hurt that?"  He hissed, more to himself than anybody else.  He doubted that their weapons would even get it's attention.
  As he pondered, he looked around as though the answer would be written on a sign-post for him somewhere.  As he did so, he noticed the Seagulls doing something with a curious white dust.
  Moments later, Chadley shouted "Alright, time's up, let's do this!"  before screaming a battle cry and running headlong towards the behemoth.  Bydalo noticed that the mercs instantly followed on behind him with enthusiasm.
  "Oh gee, oh fu-"  The younger captain said, not knowing what the hell they were going to do but also not wanting to let the Seagulls go without them.  Whatever else he might hate about them, they were certainly brave.
  He readied his short spear, dropped any unnecessary gear he could quickly get rid of, gave his squad a quick look, and charged in after the others.
  Brob mercifully joined in, spurring the rest to action.  At least he was up for a scrap.
  The two bands of humans rampaged along the street, cursing and yelling and brandishing weapons to get the behemoth's attention.  The strategy worked, and it turned slowly to face them.  Bydalo noted it's movement.
  "It looks like it can't turn very fast.  Everyone keep trying to move behind it and maybe it won't squash you!"  He shouted.
  As they ran, they saw the Screaming Seagulls draw close to the monster.  To their credit, they peeled off into two graceful lines again, flowing around the behemoth like water and confusing it.  Their courage was simply astounding, and really it just made them even less likeable to the squad.  Why couldn't the annoying people just be flawed and useless for once?
  Though it was somewhat confused, the behemoth was no less dangerous.  It squatted down and began flailing it's arms around it - it may have been slow to turn, but it's arms were fast enough that it was not easy for the Seagulls to avoid being hit.  They had to be constantly aware of where the arms were swinging, and constantly on the move to evade them.
  Bydalo and his squad caught up and tried to spread out in a similar fashion to the Seagulls.  It didn't look anywhere near as professional, but they managed it, and soon enough there were twice as many people hopping around and trying not to be utterly obliterated.  It was reminscient of the black blob incident, but much scarier.
  They all tried striking it with their weapons, but predictably they seemed to have no effect.  When Brob managed to get in a cheeky kick at the thing's immense legs, his boot rebounded with a clang that vibrated his whole body and left him feeling numb all over.
  "What we gonna do Cap'n?"  Rack shouted over the sounds of metal on metal that were shaking the place.
  Bydalo honestly had no answer for him, their efforts seemed futile.  Sooner or later, somebody was going to slip up and be caught with a punch that would hit so hard their ancestors would feel it.  Everyone was breathing heavily and sweating inside their armour.
  He glanced in Chadley's direction and with some relief noted that the mercenary leader also seemed nonplussed, though he didn't look anywhere close to concerned about it.
  That all changed when one of his boys tripped up.
  The Mercenary half saved himself, tumbling forward into a graceful roll rather than planting his face on the cobbled street, but found that he was carrying too much momentum when he came back to his feet.  He staggerd forward, overbalancing and not able to change direction time - and was slammed by a metallic arm the size of a small tree trunk.
  The breath was blasted from him and he flew several feet, smashing into the side of a nearby house and cracking the paint on the stone.  His body slumped to the floor, unconscious and bleeding from the nose and ears.
  The Seagulls burst into some kind of spontaneous plan in which two of them continued to distract the monster while Chadley and another picked up their wounded man.  Their faces were deadly serious now, and they exfiltrated backwards to a safe distance.
  "Bydalo, get out of there!  There's nothing more we can do here.  We have to report back!"  Chadley yelled.
  Bydalo made a quick decision.
  "Rack, Brob, help me keep this thing occupied.  When everyone else is clear, we hit the bricks, Brob first!"
  The two called back their understanding of the plan, and Bydalo shouted for Sephra, Trufty, Smim, and Arissa to skedaddle.
  Three of them made it clear with ease, but Smim in his ill-fitting armour and trying to carry his enormous flail was not very nimble.  He was also slow, and an easier target for the beast.  It swung it's lumbering arms vertically down towards his head in a double-hand smash, and it was only by blind luck that Smim managed to step mere inches out of the way of certain death.  The cobbled stones where he had been standing a second before were crushed into dust.
  "GO!"  Bydalo screamed to Brob, glancing back as he circled the beast to check whether the squat strongman was able to get away.  Sure enough, he loped off to join the others.
  "OK Rack, our turn!"
  They split and ran either side of the monster, forcing it to choose one of them to chase.  As it did so, it was also forced to try and turn it's huge and sluggish body, which bought them time to make ground.
  It made Rack it's target and began a huge swing of one arm, but he was already clear of the danger zone.  The two didn't look back until they rejoined their squad.
  "Look out, it's still coming after you!"  Arissa squealed.
  Bydalo glanced back to see the beast walking awkwardly towards them, seeming unaccustomed to the movements but able to do them nonetheless.  It was like some engineer had tried to recreate locomotion with limited tools.
  Though it was not fast, it's progress was such that they were all relieved to vacate the area immediately.  It felt awful having to retreat, especially since they knew the creature may well just continue rampaging around the city and killing people, destroying homes.  It was their duty to stop it, but they had not found a way.
________________


CHAPTER 23
A TACTICAL RETREAT, FOLLOWED BY POSITIVE REINFORCEMENT
  "INSUBORDINATION!  COWARDICE!  DERELICTION OF DUTY!"  Biggins ranted a short while later when the two groups were back in the logistics war room.  Spittle flew from his mouth and clung to his moustache, and his eyes bulged.
  "I've never seen anything like it!  In my day you'd have been beaten to death by your own bunkmates for even talking about falling back!"
  "Sir we-"  Bydalo attempted.
  "DON'T YOU DARE BLOODY INTERRUPT ME, LAD!  You've left the metallic beast crashing through the most important residential area in the city and hurried back here for a picnic no doubt!  Soft, the lot of you!"
  "It was no use Biggins, we couldn't harm the monster, Johnno over here almost snuffed it"  Chadley said casually, notably not using any formal rank or respect for the chief.
  Biggins apparently did not like this one bit, but held his temper in check.  Having paid for the help of the Screaming Segulls, he probably had limited authority over them and needed them far more than they needed the work.  They were likely in it for the adrenaline rush more than anything.
  The tiny commander stared daggers at Chadley for a few seconds before spinning smartly on the ball of one foot and the heel of another, executing a perfect about-turn to face an orderly.
  "Fetch that rotten wizard before I send you out to bring this thing down yourself"
  The orderly scurried off, returning quickly and shooting Biggins an 'in a minute' look.
  "Now then.  Luckily for you useless cowards, there's a chance to redeem yourselves.  Eyes front onto the map here!  The metal giant has not moved far from the area it was in when you fought it according to the latest reports.  We've got guardsmen attempting to herd it away from trouble without engaging."
  He drew invisible lines on the map with his fingers, circling a small wooden carving that represented the monster, then tracked a straight line towards a more open space.  This space was labeled 'Forum' and was likely where the wealthier merchants in the city met up - rather than the thief-infested market square.
  "You will return to face the beast here, in the forum.  This time, you will NOT return until either you, or it, are KIA, do you get me?"  Biggins commanded.
  "But Sir-"  Bydalo tried again.
  "DO YOU GET ME?"
  They sheepishly gave a round of 'yes sirs'.  Bydalo looked in Chadley's direction, hoping he'd offer up some protest since he'd almost lost a man already this morning.  He didn't seem concerned, however.
  The back door to the war room opened and in shuffled Chauncey the wizard, sweaty as ever.
  "What is it Biggins?"
  More ill-discipline.  These troops were just not cut from the right cloth.  Biggins shook his head to himself, wondering how they were supposed to fight a war with such inadequate soldiers?
  "Listen."  He said bluntly, turning to point at Bydalo, then jerking his thumb aggressively back in the direction of Chauncey.  Now they were finally getting the chance to explain.
  "The thing we faced was huge... it was slow but extremely dangerous.  Our weapons seemed to have no effect outside of angering it.  It's hide - if you could call it hide - was like metal or something..."
  He didn't really feel like a professional making a report, but hey - it had been a pretty scary morning.
  "And?"  Chauncey said irritably, as though he had something infinitely more important to be doing.
  "Look here, wizard.  If the weapons of this bunch of yellow-bellies don't hurt it, we need to try something else.  That's where you and your magic come in."
  The chief's tone did not brook disagreement, however Chauncey felt about it, and he offered no resistance.  There was annoyance in his expression, but he kept quiet.
  "Excellent.  Magic, muscle, and devilishly good looks - we'll be back by lunch!" One of Chadley's men said in a cocky voice.
  Chauncey did not share his enthusiasm.  He retreated through the back door and retrieved some things, re-emerging a minute later and standing awkwardly by the front entrance.  He looked at the floor and simply waited.
  "Get out there and bloody do something useful.  Dismissed!"  Biggins snapped before turning away to other matters.
  The hulking forms of the Screaming Seagulls had a quiet huddle for a moment and then made their way out of the building, joking and bantering like they were at a sporting event.  One of them slapped Smim on the shoulder affectionately on his way past, and the rich boy practically glowed with happiness at being noticed.
  Chauncey waited until everyone had filtered past him before falling in line at the back, presumably to put as many bodies as possible between him and danger.  His disdain for others was no longer just annoying, it was offensive.
  "What are you going to do, wizard?"  Sephra asked him.
  Chauncey's eyes flicked up through his brows to look at her before quickly dropping back to the floor.
  "I have some theories."  Was all he said.
  "Care to enlighten us?  Before we run into almost certain death?"  Bydalo said with some sarcasm.
  "No.  You apes wouldn't understand anyway.  What's the point?"
  "Can't you make an analogy or something?"
  The wizard sighed with frustration, realising they'd not leave him alone until he gave them something.
  "We've - well, I've - been working on researching the removal of substance from our world.  Those big cubes of dissappeared material.  I've been able to replicate the effect on a small scale and apply it to objects.  Imagine wiping a dirty window with a sponge... I'm going to enchant your weapons to vanish matter that they come in contact with."
  "Wow! That sounds totally brilliant!"  Arissa cheered.  Chauncey didn't seem bothered by her praise.
  "Let me get this straight... when we hit the metal demon with the enchanted part of our weapon, the struck bit will dissappear?"  Bydalo asked.
  "Dissappear... or be transported somewhere that is not here.  I don't know yet."
  "Anywhere that's not here is fine by me!  let's smash it!"  Brob said.
  Bydalo was not so confident that this would resolve the matter permanently, but he didn't offer any objection as he had no better ideas.  Let some other part of the multiverse deal with it.
  The two squads with wizard in tow marched quickly through the city back to the rich quarter, and huddled close to the forum.  Bydalo informed Chadley of Chauncey's tactic.
  The other captain looked at Chauncey as though he was a piece of furniture that had suddenly had ideas above his station, but he acquiesced.
  "This spell does not last long, so you'll have to get in there and do enough damage to bring it down before it wears off.  Everyone with a weapon and a chance of hitting the target, hold it here in front of me"  The wizard said.
  They formed a semi-circle with most of them holding out swords and spears.  The Seagulls all had noticeably finer weapons, especially compared to Sephra's, though none were a match for Rack's.  It was a mark of how expensive the huge sword looked that the Seagulls couldn't even find a way to take the piss out of it.
  Brob ambitiously leaned forward, pointing his long shoulder spike into the semi-circle.  Arissa grabbed the back of his belt and pulled him back.
  "I don't think that's a good idea Brobby!"  She said.  She was so adorable that the little strongman didn't even look disappointed.
  Chauncey began doing his usual hand movements, focusing so hard that his piggy face went all pink and sweaty, and chuntering under his breath.  He was again wearing the strange magical glove that he'd had at the hall of heroes, which had allowed him to put his hand through the door and to a handle on the inside.
  As the spell completed, the glove began to glow a harsh silvery-white that nearly obscured the shape of Chauncey's hand.
  "Quickly now!  When your weapon is enchanted you must get into combat immediately!  I will report back to Biggins immediately"
  "I'm sure you will"  Sephra said scathingly.
  The wizard ignored her and began taking the business end of each proffered weapon and running his glowing hand up and down the sharp edges.  The glow seemed to transfer to the blades, his hand becoming dimmer and dimmer until it was almost back to normal by the time he'd enchanted the last weapon.
  "I like this!"  Bydalo said, giving his glowing spear a practice poke.  It looked brilliant, and he felt more like an adventuring hero now for sure!
  Rack gave him a shove from behind to remind him that they had no time to dawdle, and so they jogged off to join up with the Seagulls and locate the monster.
  It didn't take long as they soon heard the familiar and unwelcome sounds of crashing and screaming and dying.
  When they came into close quarters with it, they once again felt the fear and awe that the massive beast inspired.  Simply looking upon it, they knew what kind of incomprehensible force it could deliver, and that any mistake would almost certainly cost them their lives.  This time around, they were not fresh.  The adrenaline of the morning's combat had left them feeling hungry, groggy, and slow.
  The Seagulls were already closing the distance and fanning out, using rubble for cover where possible.
  "Let's get in there!  We've got to strike fast and overwhelmingly!" Bydalo said to his people.  He wasn't sure what the hell was going to happen when they did strike, but a tiny curious part of his brain momentarily overpowered his fear and demanded to find out.
  They trotted forward to join Chadley and the rest, circling and dodging the confused metal giant.  It stomped the ground, wobbling each of them a little.  It threw it's huge arms about, obliterating walls and throwing debris everywhere.
  "I'm going for it!"  Chadley shouted when he was at what seemed like the creature's back.  He quick-stepped forward, aiming a stab from his own huge glowing sword at the lower torso of the giant.
  Instead of glancing off as it had that morning, the sword plunged forwards as if meeting no resistance at all.  There came a sound of tearing fabric, much like they had heard when Smim threw his blanket onto the black blob which then consumed it.
  Except this time it was part of the monster that disappeared.  A tiny hole was opened up in it's body, and it immediately responded to this new threat by swinging powerfully down at Chadley.
  Though he had been agape for a split-second at the strange damage he had inflicted, Chadley was veteran enough to keep his wits about him and dodge back as quickly as he had attacked forward.  He managed to withdraw just far enough away that the colossal swing smashed the ground instead of his head - though the shockwave it sent out almost caused him to fall.
  "The enchantment works!  Go for the legs and we can cripple it!"  The dashing mercenary yelled.
  Each fighter began taking chances, trying to score a significant hit against the monster's legs.  Most of the time they were forced to retreat before making their attempt for fear of being pounded into red mist.
  Bydalo managed to land the next hit, though poking with a spear was not particularly effective.  The metal giant definitely didn't like it, but they would need a cleaving type action to do any real damage.
  "We haven't got time.  Rack, get in behind while I distract it, then cleave a leg!"  He shouted.
  Without waiting for Rack to respond, he began circling while still in range of the huge arms.  He turned the monster away from Rack's position, giving him his chance.
  And take the chance, he did.  The big man ran forward, hurling his huge sword around in an arc with all the power he could muster, aimed right at his own shoulder height - roughly above were the monster's knee might have been if it had one.
  The sword sliced straight through, meeting seemingly no resistance.  The rogue overswung completely, toppling to the ground and scoring a big gash in the road where the enchanted blade vanished more matter.
  There was an awful epxlosion of screeching sounds as the monster, still supported by it's leg even though no longer officially attached, began to slide to one side.  Sparks flew as it ground against it's own severed leg, until eventually the pressure forced it to pop out sideways.
  The giant toppled to the ground, causing an almighty crash that dropped everybody to the floor except for Brob, whose center of gravity was so low it was practically on the ground anyway.
  Everyone had been lucky.  In their topple, they hadn't thought to keep their enchanted edges away from themselves.  Thankfully, fate had apparently intervened and done it for them, as nobody was suddenly finding a slice of them had vanished.
  They quickly fell back, gauging how dangerous the now thrashing metal monster was.  It's remaining leg was no use to it, however it's long arms could still reach a long way and deliver enough force to blast a human into next week.
  While everyone deliberated over what to do next (how did they finish the job?) the beast continued to smash anything in reach, being bent on total destruction for no apparent reason.  Everyone waited for someone to act, but nobody was too keen to go within striking distance of the thrashing limbs.
  At that moment, something happened which they did not expect.  A black shadow flickered in the periphery of their vision - causing them to turn their heads.  By the time they looked in it's direction, it had already passed to their fronts, flitting over the top of the crippled monster and dropping something on it.
  There was an ear-splitting ripping sound as the entire giant crunched in on itself and disappeared from existence!
  "What...?"  Sephra asked in confusion, her poor brain struggling to make sense of all the impossible things that it had witnessed.
  "That's the same thing that helped us escape the Interplanar Station!  Why does it not reveal itself?"  Trufty exclaimed.
  Bydalo felt uneasy.  They had been mysteriously aided on at least three occasions that he knew of, by something that was obviously very powerful and elusive.  It should have felt great to have a guardian angel, but something in his gut told him that there was nothing charitable going on.
  The Seagulls were happy to ignore what had just happened and were celebrating and clapping eachother on the back, though conspicuously not making any form of contact with Rack despite his epic crippling attack.  It seemed like an intentional slight, but he let it slide.  Sephra, noting a droop in his shoulders, lay a hand on his arm.
  "Chadley.  Did you not see that black phantom thing that just helped us out?"  Bydalo asked, captain to captain.
  "Yeah, sure, whatever.  We had it under control anyway and that thing just stole the killing blow.  Biggins won't care, job done and money in our pocket, RIGHT LADS?"
  The Seagulls cheered and slapped eachother's backs.
  "Loadsa moneyyyy!"  One of them said.
  Bydalo furrowed his brows and shrugged in exasperation.  They were certainly good fighters but they evidently didn't care much for the investigative side of life.  His brain, however, was incessantly poring over the details, refusing to let it go.  Something didn't add up and he wanted answers - but where could they get them?  Chauncey didn't seem any the wiser, and Biggins certainly didn't know anything.
  He resolved to stand his ground with Biggins when they got back, and demand to speak to someone higher up - or at least send them a message.  He had no idea who would actually be the right person to go to, but somebody had to know what was going on, surely?
  As it turned out, Biggins was not even remotely impressed with their victory and was already onto briefing them on the next target.  Bydalo waited for him to finish speaking, rather than trigger an outburst from the chief by interrupting him.
  "... so with these tactics we'll keep casualties to a minimum.  We're predicting thirty to thirty-five percent.  Good odds for any soldier I'll say!"  He said, as though they'd be grateful for knowing the statistics.
  "Sir.  Before we go on any more missions I have to talk to you about something urgent.  Something which I believe relates to that knife I showed you...?"  Bydalo asked.
  Biggins paused as he had last time they brought up the knife.  It seemed like he knew something that he wasn't letting on about.
  "What is it?"  The little man said simply, tentatively.
  The young captain proceeded to describe their encounters with their mysterious flitting helper, and how he thought the two must be related since they seemed to conveniently show up in time to assist them in dire situations.
  Biggins marched over to him and gripped him surprisingly hard on the upper arm, pulling Bydalo's face down so that they were nose to nose.  For the first time in his life, Biggins spoke quietly.
  "Come with me lad.  Send the others back to the barracks, or to your building."
  Bydalo nodded, a little shocked.  He sent the rest of the squad away, hand-waving their protests.  He would fill them in later anyway, whatever Biggins told him.
  After they were gone, Biggins again gripped his arm and pulled him through the back door of the logistics room which Chauncey usually emerged from.
  They marched a long a surprisingly long corridor before Biggins opened up a nondescript door and shoved Bydalo into a small storage space, stepping inside himself and then closing the door behind him.  Again, he spoke quietly.
  "Now pay attention lad because I'm only going to say this once.  I told you that I didn't know what that dagger was about and that I'd get our top men on it... well, it's true that I don't know much about it but I certainly didn't put anybody on it.  I know enough to know that you don't go sniffing around these things.  Now you come back to me talking about black phantoms!"
  He paused and sighed with exasperation.  When did the fight become so complicated?  He missed the old days when men lined up and fought on the field.
  "Look.  There are forces in this city beyond the swords of the guards I command.  That dagger is used by these forces.  Whoever, or whatever they are, they've taken some kind of an interest in you lot.  It looks to me almost like you've been shepherded every step of the way, but for what purpose I cannot say!"
  Bydalo felt a shiver up his spine.  It was very unnerving being told that you were being watched and manipulated by some shadowy force, and despite the darkness of the storage space they were in, he looked about him suspiciously as though these unknown watchers were in the shadows six inches from his face.
  "What should we do?"  He finally asked Biggins.
  "My advice lad?  Keep your head down and continue trying to save the world.  Don't go looking for trouble with those clandestine types, it never ends well.  Stick to those you can trust - the men and women beside you on the front line!"
  Bydalo had already decided that there was no way he was letting this slide and just waiting around while an unseen hand decided his fate, but there was no point in mentioning it to Biggins really.  He'd see what the squad made of all this anyway.
  "So you're saying we should just leave them to get on with whatever nefarious scheme they're plotting?"  The young captain asked, somewhat incredulous.
  "Look lad, there's a chain of command.  Governmental types - they're in charge for a reason.  All grunts like us can do is hope that they're motives are pure and they've got our best interests at heart.  There's not much a young chap with a pokey stick can do about it anyway is there?"
  Bydalo was shocked.  He knew Biggins was a career soldier through and through, and he had total faith in the military hierarchy... but this almost seemed like wilfull ignorance.  Everybody knew that the powers that be were not to be trusted, and that they were at best negligent - and at worst, malicious.
  He didn't speak his concerns aloud to Biggins, just on the off chance that he was involved with those clandestine figures.  It seemed unlikely, given that he'd probably give secrets away far too easily, but what if his entire character had been an act this entire time?  OK, he was starting to get paranoid now for sure.
  "I think I'd best get back to my squad now Sir.  Will you be needing us agian today?"  The young captain asked.
  "That's up to the enemy!  I'll send for you if you're required lad, don't you worry about that!"
  They shuffled awkwardly out of the small storage space and went their separate ways, Bydalo quickly heading outside.
  Once the sunlight hit his face and he had some time to himself, he allowed himself a moment to relax and find his centre.  Despite the potential end of the world, the shadow figures following them around, and the many horrors they had already witnessed, he felt the stress and anxiety washed away momentarily.  The warmth of the sun cleansed him like a good scrubbing in a hot bath.  He suddenly became aware of how bad he smelled after the morning's sweaty activity.
  And just like that, the sensation of calm was gone and reality came crashing back over him like an avalanche.  Now he felt exposed, alone, uncertain.
  Telling himself he wanted to get back and inform everyone else about his conversation as soon as possible, he hurried off.  He pretended that his haste was nothing to do with a sudden fear of being watched and followed.


  "Hey there cap"  said Rack, opening the door to HQ when Bydalo arrived.  He'd been to check the barracks first and found that they weren't there.
  "Gather everyone together, I've got news"  Bydalo said very seriously.  Rack nodded and headed out of the front door.  Bydalo assumed he must be going to fetch Sephra from across the road.
  Several minutes later, everyone was standing before him and tensely waiting to hear what he had to say.  He paused, wondering how to begin.
  "So.  Biggins didn't really have very much to add, except the key point about the dagger.  He said it belongs to some secretive higher-ups that work for the government."
  Smim gulped anxiously, but Arissa linked her arm with his in her typical excitement.  It bolstered his nerves and he stood a little straighter.
  "He has no idea why they've been getting involved with us, but it looks like there's a trend of them coming to our aid.  For some reason, they need us alive."
  It sounded like it should have been good news, but nobody felt that way.  It was more like the feeling of being given sweets by a kindly old woman who turns out to be a cannibalistic witch.
  "The question is, what plan do they have for us, and is there any way we can find out?"  Trufty asked with genuine concern.  
  "And that ain't all"  Rack said.
  "What else is there?"  Bydalo asked as his stomach sank.
  "Whoever it was, they was in the sheep world as well as the station.  How'd they follow us there?  Ain't nobody from here ever done it before I thought?"
  A ripple of murmurs filled the room.  The implications of this revelation were very worrying indeed.  Either they were followed by an invisible presence that had joined them in diving through the portal, and inside the transportation box, or they were dealing with some sort of government agent that knew things that even the intelligence wizards apparently did not - and could travel the universe.
  "Do you know what Biggins suggested we do?"  Bydalo asked.
  "... What? lead an army against them in a glorious battle?"  Sephra said sarcastically.
  "Nothing.  Literally nothing.  He made out like they've got our best interests at heart!"
  Sephra snorted.  There wasn't a chance in hell that the black phantom was a benevolent guardian angel - she was from Bog Street and she knew only too well the disdain that the ruling class had for her sort.
  "Biggins is mad.  He thinks of the army like some kind of religion... I don't think he's even realised he's in the town guard now and not the infantry!" Smim said in exasperation.
  "Easy now, Smim.  Father spoke of many knights who had seen a great deal of combat and had been deeply affected by it.  Some never felt able to rejoin society afterwards..."  Trufty added gently, staring through the wall.  There was more to this particular story than he was sharing.
  Smim looked bashful and decided to keep quiet.  No sense making a fool of himself.
  "I'm with Smim,"  Bydalo said.  "Biggins is obviously insane if he thinks there's nothing dubious going on here.  The government is involved in some shady cahoots and I for one am not just going to sit idly and wait to find out why!"
  Suddenly Smim felt talkative again, inspired by his captain's approval.
  "Yeah!  Let's investigate their cahoots!"
  The room fell silent and Smim's eyes flicked back and forth, wondering why there was silence.
  A moment later, laughter erupted, beginning with uproar from Brob.
  "Smim...Smim... if you... if you want to get investigating the government's cahoots then be my guest... but I ain't helping you!"  The little man said between laughs.
  Bydalo laughed softly, not quite as easily amused as Brob and the others, but appreciating the mood boosting tension breaker.  It felt good to have a laugh again.
  As relaxed banter broke out, the captain withdrew into himself a little and became more sombre as he considered their next move.  He wasn't sure who to trust or who to go to for information, but they had to start somewhere.  Biggins was obviously of no further use.
  Chauncey might have known something, but Bydalo was loathe to go to him.  If he did happen to know any useful information, he'd smugly lord it over them and make it difficult.  Still, he was an option.
  Apart from those two, he was all out of contacts really.  Chadley likely wouldn't have anything useful to offer... although perhaps a former comrade of his might.
  "Rack!"  Bydalo called.
  The big man looked up from Sephra, whom he'd been giggling with.
  "Cap'n?"
  "How are those underground contacts of yours?  Reckon any of them might be able to put us in touch with someone who knows about clandestine government cahoots?"
  "I dunno cap, might be worth a try though.  Want me to hit them up?"
  "Yeah but there's no rush - wouldn't it be better to go after dark or something?"
  Rack smiled benignly.
  "Daylight's the best time cap.  Flittin' in the shadows of back alleys just gets you caught by the guards.  Best to meet in a crowded pub."
  "Well, isn't that a strange coincedence, I've suddenly come over all thirsty!"  Brob said in mock wonderment.
  Everybody suddenly became lively and enthusiatic at the prospect of some on-the-job day drinking.
  Bydalo didn't really want them all getting smashed when they might be called up to fight at any moment, but right now he also didn't have the heart to stop them.  They'd all been through a lot and a little bit of beer and banter would be good for morale.  He decided he'd allow the rest to join Rack at the pub, and he'd go along - to supervise of course.  
*
  An hour later, when they were all two beers deep and beginning to feel a familiar warm fuzzyness that counteracted a lot of the stress they had been crushed under, Rack appeared from nowhere and sat down beside Bydalo.
  "Bad news cap'n, my contacts in here got nothin' for us.  One fella even told me to never ask him about such things again."
  That didn't bode well.
  "Sounds like he might have known something?  Else what was he so worried about?"  Bydalo muttered back, putting his mouth to Rack's ear and letting the general noise of the pub disguise his voice.
  He thought he'd been quite clever there, but Rack shook his head.
  "I thought that, but when I pressed him he didn't tell me nothin' else.  He's just scared of anything involving the law"
  "Damn.  Back to the drawing board then..."  Bydalo said, taking a commiseratory sip of his pint and looking around for inspiration.
  Rack clapped him on the shoulder and went to join Brob.
  As they sat there chatting and being merry, Bydalo considered his options - which seemed few.  How were you supposed to find out about a secret government organisation that was hounding your every step, unless you had insider information?
  Suddenly, several of the brain cells that were floating around in his head outperformed themselves and delivered up a new idea.
  "Hey, Smim... Smim!"  Bydalo called.
  Smim, who had been listening in rapture while Arissa talked about using healing crystals to tell the future, looked around in annoyance at the interruption.
  "Do you reckon your dad might know something that could help us in finding whoever is following us?"
  "Uh..." Smim replied, obviously not keen on asking such a thing of his Magistrate father, but not having the guts to say no.
  "Might he know anything or anyone?"  Bydalo pressed.
 "Maybe... I don't know... Father knows many people, but he is not involved with the enforcement of the law... only the judgement of it!"  Smim said, wishing that all these problems in the world would leave him alone.
  Bydalo bopped his fist on the table, pleased to have a new goal in mind.  He downed the rest of his pint, stood up, and announced that they had a mission and were leaving.
  "Woah, woah, woah!  I've only just got a fresh pint!"  Brob said, aghast.
  "Get it down you Brob, don't be precious"  Sephra teased.  Brob was not about to pass up a challenge, so he preened his moustache out of the way and slugged the beer down his gullet in rapid time, belching loudly afterwards.  He slammed the empty wooden mug down onto the table, lifting the opposite end of it off the floor momentarily.
  "Ready for the business captain!"
  "Alright then.  Everyone else?"  
  Trufty, Arissa, Sephra, Smim, and Rack all rose to their feet and finished their drinks.  They would have been disappointed to be leaving so soon, but had just hit that golden spot where the beer made everything feel like it would be a piece of cake, so they found some enthusiasm.
________________
CHAPTER 24
ACQUAINTANCES IN LOFTY LOCATIONS
________________
CHAPTER 25
T
________________
CHAPTER 26
T
________________
CHAPTER 27
T
________________
CHAPTER 28
T
________________
CHAPTER 29
T
________________
CHAPTER 30
T
________________














THE END


[a]Narrative? Omniscient or following Bydalo?
[b]this should be from narrator perspective yeah.  How best to phrase?