CHAPTER 1
DISREGARD REPTILES, ACQUIRE CURRENCY
  It had been two weeks since the showdown with the lizards that had taken Smim captive in one of their 'disused' broom factories.  The squad had managed to break in to their concealed lair, dodge the torture equipment, and successfully scare the conspiratorial reptiles away without letting Smim get sliced to ribbons in the process.
  They had also taken captive Ol' Beetroot, a very unsavoury sheep farmer who had been in cahoots with the lizards for quite some time.  Having interrogated him at the chapel of The Order Of The Most Graceful Gerbil Of The Sun, Rinn and co. had found out that the lizards had been using Beetroot's strange basement as a place to torture people and dispose of bodies quietly.
  Then, when that location had been at risk of discovery by local law enforcement, the lizards had cleverly arranged for Beetroot to lure the squad out there at just the right moment to be caught by the investigators and take the fall.
  Unfortunately for them, this had all gone wrong.  The squad had somehow ended up being contracted by the city governor to go on a wild goose chase to another realm, the sheep world known as Lambda, before returning home to find that they had also accidentally kicked off some kind of apocalypse.
  Rinn had discussed at length with Dathory, the Prelate of the knightly order, and Pyeter their caretaker, speculating on what it all meant.  They theorised that this 'apocalypse' had been some kind of plan that the lizards were already working on, but had not been ready to unleash at the time.  Brob's accidental triggering seemed to have forced their hand, which may have been a blessing in disguise.
  Beetroot had since been handed over for official arrest by Chief Biggins of the Town Guard, who chucked the old man into a jail cell to rot out his remaining few years (or months) for his treacherous dealings with the reptiles - which Biggins had now acknowledged to be a real thing.
*
  "Here we go team, payment for yesterday's garraboon cleanup!" Rinn announced, dropping a small bag of silver coins into the eagerly outstretched palms of each member of the squad - barring Smim and Arissa who came from such wealthy backgrounds that they weren't hugely that excited by the meagre wage.
  The others, however, were thrilled.  Trufty had been wanting to upgrade the stabling of Horace Winghoof, his ancient and senile warhorse, and this small bag would be just about enough to get him some nice digs for the month.
  Rack and Brob bumped fists.
  "We gonna drink the pub dry tonight then?"  Brob said to the big rogue.
  "Ain't no doubt about it!"
  Rinn hated to spoil their good time, but he had news.
  "I'm afraid that's not an option gentlemen.  The Crusty Pantaloons is officially closed down until further notice because of this apocalypse situation."
  "iiiWHAT?jjj"  Brob exclaimed in abject horror.
  "Yup," Rinn said, equally put out.  "Biggins said the risks to the public were getting too great because of increased Garraboon presence.  All but the food merchants have had to shut up shop... we can still get booze delivered, but that's it."
  The little strongman looked shocked, and Rack put a commiseratory hand on his shoulder.
  "Wait, so does this mean my reagent dealers aren't gonna be out?"  Sephra asked, worried about the ingredients she used for her apothecary business across the road.  That, and the ingredients she used for brewing her own special drinks.
  "Not sure on that one, you might have to ask around.  Most people aren't supposed to go out but I think we're OK, being adventurers for hire and all.  You might say we're official employees of the town guard."
  Though at first they had been working for Biggins for free - due to playing an instrumental role in causing the current situation - they had started getting paid to clear up garraboons.  The risks had become greater, and Biggins had come to appreciate that the lizards were the ones behind the attacks more so than the portal which Brob had accidentally released.
  In fact, according to Rinn's speculations with the knights, the portal Brob had released had probably disappeared after a short period of time, and all portals garraboons appearances post this original portal must have been through some method of conjuration that the lizard people had.
  And so they were now in business for real, accepting garraboon-hunting missions mostly from Biggins, though occasionally helping out private individuals with things like bodyguard work.  It was good money, and Rinn felt fantastic about finally making progress in the game.
  Though of course it wasn't easy.  The jobs themselves could be very risky, and unpleasant due to their bloody nature.  Plus, they had to compete with Chadley and his rival mercenary squad, The Screeching Seagulls.  Those ludicrously handsome warriors had a much more widely known reputation and looked far more impressive, so most potential customers with the big money would go to them.
  Still, working for the city wasn't so bad.  They could always drop into the town guard barracks for a free meal and a chat with the lads, and it felt good to be doing something for the city.  They were all in it together anyway, and if there were no civilians left because they'd been eaten by rampaging garraboons then there'd be no money to be made.
  "I'm off out then.  I'm gonna see who is still trading and which stuff I can stock up on... I don't think this invasion of the garraboons is going to end any time soon," Sephra said, standing and making ready to leave.
  "I'll come with you Sephra," said Trufty.  "I'm going to have to make sure Horace will have enough feed!  Plus, it would be best if you weren't alone - who knows if that assassin Stopper may come back."
  She nodded appreciatively and together they exited Thirteen Bog Street, arm in arm.
  "What have you been doing with your pay anyway, Smim?  Arissa?"  Rinn asked.
  They both began to answer at the same time and then both awkwardly stopped and tried to politely let the other go first.  Smim blushed and went mute, gesturing for Arissa to continue.
  "Well there was this iiigorgeousjjj topaz healing crystal that I wanted to get - if you mount it in a ring it's supposed to make your nails grow faster, and since mine are always getting damaged on jobs... but maybe now I won't be able to get it," she said, looking a little put out.
  "M-maybe I could go out and see if any traders are still selling them, or could source one?" Smim offered.
  "Would you?  That would be iiisoojjj sweet!" Arissa replied, leaving Smim beaming as he nodded.
  He hopped up and took off after Sephra and Trufty like a golden retriever (a normal one, not an ultra-violent ragebeast like Agent Serenity) to see if he could sort her out.
  Rinn could barely hold back his 'yikes' expression as he thought to himself that Arissa wasn't likely going to magically fall in love with Smim in return for his favours.  No doubt that was how Smim was hoping things would go.
  Rack and Brob raised eyebrows at eachother and laughed, clearly thinking along the same lines.
  "Anyone any good with tools?  This place needs some serious work, but at least we can afford to start buying bits and bobs now," Rinn said half-heartedly.  He knew full well what the response was going to be.
  "Sorry Cap'n, ain't no DIY skills here," said Rack.
  "Nor me, you know I break stuff instead of making it," Brob added, not making eye contact.  It was completely true though, giving Brob a hammer would probably be a disastrous idea.
  Arissa gave Rinn a big sunny smile, closed her eyes, and shook her head so that her hair braids flapped.
  "Daddy always had men do jobs like that for us!"
  Damn.  The same excuse Smim had given when it came to hammering up flyers not too long ago.  Stupid rich brats!
  "No way, seriously you guys?" Rinn said sarcastically before adopting a cheeky grin.  "Oh well, not to worry, you lot can paint while I do the odd jobs!"
  Hah.  Got them!  All three groaned collectively but offered no resistance, knowing they'd been caught.
  "Why don't you start with this main reception room?  I've got a couple of buckets of paint and some brushes out in the hall.  Two coats of the sky blue will do nicely I think!  I'll be upstairs, trying to do something about the exposed nails and broken planks in the bedrooms."
  There was huffing and puffing, but they all stood up and got to it without too much fuss.
*
  An hour or so later, there was a knocking at the front door.  Rinn assumed that the others wouldn't deal with it, so he put down the hammer he'd been using and headed down.
  Opening the door, he was greeted by a strange looking fellow holding a glowing lamp.  He was roughly middle-aged, and looked extremely haggard.  He had long, patchy stubble on his face, unkempt hair, dirty skin, and the most awful collection of ragged clothing Rinn had ever seen - he even made Rack look sophisticated.
  And yet there was something about him that reminded Rinn of Batchley.  The man's aura and bearing felt more like that which you'd find wafting off of a distinguished academic or business owner rather than a filthy hobo.
  "Good day Captain Rinn, my name is Albert D. Janeese, or 'Albert' if you prefer."
  Rinn looked him up and down in confusion.
  "... Why are you carrying a lamp?  It's broad daylight!"
  "You would not understand, but perhaps some day I shall enumerate it for you," he said in a slightly condescending manner.  "I am here at the behest of Biggins, that incompetent buffoon."
  "If he's such a buffoon, why are you here iiiat his behestjjj?"  Rinn replied with a little mocking mimickry in his tone.
  Albert, instead of being offended, smiled for the first time as though he approved.
  "Because dear Biggins does not take kindly to my lifestyle choices, and seeks ever to excoriate me from the city streets.  He will imprison me if I do not occasionally acquiesce to perform his superfluous errands on occasion.  I believe he thinks, somewhat ironically, that shaming me might adjust my attitude."
  Rinn sighed, not too interested in exchanging long words with this man.
  "You'd better come in."
  Albert D. Janeese stepped past him and entered the reception room, offering no polite nod or formal acceptance.
  "Ah, now iiithisjjj is the proper form," the scruffy man said appreciatively.
  He was standing in the center of the room, looking around at the handiwork of Brob, Rack, and Arissa.
  "You like it?"  Arissa asked him with a friendly grin.
  "Oh yes, the comically oversized male genitalia, the curse words, the disregard for common aesthetic conformity.  Wonderful!"
  "What the hell is all this?"  Rinn asked furiously.  "You were supposed to paint the walls, not graffiti them!"
  The three of them had apparently decided to simply paint rude images and words everywhere, having far too much fun with it.
  "Relax Cap'n, we'll paint over it.  We was just havin' some fun," Rack said in his deep and creamy voice.
  Rinn threw his hands up in surrender.  There wasn't exactly any hurry to have the place done up but he'd have liked it to be sooner rather than later.  Plus he also felt a bit left out.
  He turned to Albert.
  "So, what is it that Biggins has sent you here for?"
  "The great military homunculus himself requests your presence in his 'logistics base' as he has information pertaining to your crusade," Albert said, sounding as though he could not be more bored with the situation.  He was still studying the immature paintings on the wall.
  "What's a homunculus?"  Brob asked, looking to Rack.
  "No idea little man, what's 'pertaining' mean?"  the big rogue replied.
  Rinn waved a hand at them to try and shut them up.
  "And what exactly is this information?" he asked of Albert.
  "He did not see fit to bestow upon me this information - he knew withholding it would antagonize a man such as myself.  It is one of my failings, I must admit.  One should develop some stoicism, nay?"
  Though he was rude, stinky, ugly, and kept using unnecessarily big words, there was something oddly charismatic about Albert.  He seemed somehow separate from every thing and everyone else, as though he lived on his own terms - as unpleasant as they were.
  "OK, so when does he want us?  Is it urgent?  Half my squad aren't here."
  "He said it was to be at your discretion, but within reason.  I should expect he'd want to see you today.  Do remember to inform him that it was I that summoned you - otherwise he'll be kicking me out of the city gates."
  Rinn acknowledged him with a nod.
  "Then I shall be leaving.  Keep up your anti-aesthetic creations my friends, and never let any man stand in your light, no matter how high and mighty he may be."
  With that enigmatic statement he turned and left, shambling back out onto the street and seemingly picking a random direction to walk in.
  "What a strange man!"  said Arissa, a small dab of sky blue paint on the tip of her nose.
  "I dunno what he was sayin' but I liked him.  He can come have a pint here any day!"  Brob added.
  Rinn secretly agreed, he found the man very interesting and should liked to have spoken to him some more, but he chose to remain quiet on the matter in front of the others.  He was trying to practice maintaining a slightly more formal and captain-ly relationship.
  "You know what, I can't be bothered waiting for the others to get back.  I'll go alone and see what Biggins is after, you lot just keep painting," he said, heading upstairs to sort out the tools and materials he'd been working with.
  "Sure thing Cap'n," Rack replied, playfully flicking his paint brush in Arissa's direction so that specks of it landed on her face and in her hair.
  "Heeeeyy!" she said, giggling, before hiding behind Brob.
  Rinn decided to leave them to it as he walked past on his way out of the front door - they'd make a mess but at least they weren't likely to break anything at least.
  Heading along Bog Street, things again struck him as surreal.  Bog Street wasn't the busiest of places anyway - what with all the muggings and feces - but now it was completely silent and deserted.  It wasn't just their street either, almost the entire city felt that way and it was as though Rinn had the place to himself.
  As he walked along, some part of him almost felt as though he shouldn't be out there himself, and that he was being watched and judged.  He had to remind himself that he was on Biggins' orders here.
  When he eventually made it to the logistics base he was relieved to close the door behind him.  He wasn't quite at the paranoia stage yet, but he was still fearful that the lizards may strike at any time - or their hired hitman, Stopper, who had made a pretty scary and only-just-failed attempt on their lives.  One versus Six.
  "Captain Rinn!" barked Biggins, seeing him enter.
  The squat little man marched hastily over, stopping just before Rinn and snapping fully to attention.  He threw his salute with such force and rigidity that his arm vibrated in the top position.
  His mighty moustache shuffled as he stared up into Rinn's face, inspecting him momentarily.
  "Wasn't expecting you til later, but punctuality is one of the finest military virtues!  Good show!  Anyway, nothing too urgent today as we've got things under control for the moment, but that slackjawed wizard wanted a word with you.  He's through in his usual room in the back."
  Rinn merely nodded his understanding, hoping to avoid an extended conversation with the Chief.
  Dodging past several hustling orderlies that crossed his path, he headed through the back and knocked upon the door to Chauncey's private room.
  He heard an audible sigh of frustration, some quick shuffling of papers, and then the voice of the chubby little man.
  "Come in."
  Rinn made a point of opening the door and stepping in with extra assertiveness since he knew it would irritate the wizard.  He left the door slightly open behind him.
  Chauncey, sitting at his desk, looked sidelong at the captain from under his narrow-brimmed hat and lank hair.  He gaze rose only to Rinn's chest level.
  "Close the door properly!" he said, closing his eyes in frustration.
  Rinn smiled a little inside.  Chauncey deserved it, he had a rotten attitude and was arrogant and unpleasant with everyone.
  "What did you want to speak to me about?"
  "While you and the town guard thugs have been bashing monsters, I've been doing something far more important - researching the portals and the associated disappearances of matter.  The magic was total unfamiliar even to one such as me, but I have communed with two other wizards in other cities.  With our combined efforts we have some ideas that we can work on - to create our own portals."
  Rinn hated how impressive their magic was.  If Chauncey wasn't so insufferable, he'd be excitedly interrogating him all about this cross-continental magical communication right now since magic was extremely rare, and an extremely well-kept secret.  The wizard continued, seeing only a blank expression from the Captain.
  "We have not had a great deal of success with transporting anything, however we can at least replicate the matter disappearance.  We believe it is somehow an inverse of the portaling - rather than opening a portal for things to come here, it sends matter elsewhere.  We have no clue what the lizards have been doing it for, but they're probably the ones behind it."
  "They're definitely the ones behind it," Rinn pointed out.  "We saw one of them doing them hand gestures you do, at the end of the street right before a black wall appeared and spread down the street and vanished half of it!"
  "You could be right," the wizard said as though he didn't believe Rinn.  So annoying.
  "...but anyway.  We need more information.  Even with the combined knowledge and literature of three of us, we are stuck.  I have read your reports - poorly written as they were - and I believe that your Batchley acquaintance may be able to help us.  Do you still have the teapot he gave you, which you can use to summon him to you?"
  "Sephra has it, but I don't know if it as simple as it summoning him.  He told us to use it in an emergency, and he iiimightjjj use his own magic to find us and help out," Rinn replied somewhat warily.  He didn't want to abuse Batchley's good nature, and he didn't know what would happen if Batchley came to their world.  Would he be able to return himself home?  Who knew!?
  Chauncey sighed in frustration again and shuffled the papers on his desk.  Rinn caught a glimpse of an illustration somewhere among the leaves, noting a hand-drawn female character with ludicrous proportions and gigantic eyes.  Chauncey quickly scrabbled to cover it up, but Rinn had seen everything.
  "ANYWAY.  This is an emergency is it not?  We must understand these lizard people and their methods if we are to combat them.  It's obviously the only course of action."
  Rinn silently cursed inside his head, knowing that it was a reasonable idea.  He'd have suggested them going to the interplanar station and finding their way to Batchley's curious home in Ghoul Town to speak to him, but there was no way they could get themselves there without a portal or magic.  He doubted Chauncey could get them there reliably - and besides, there'd been a huge mythological black cloud of monster there last time they'd passed through!
  "Fine.  Come by our HQ in a few hours - Sephra is out right now and I'll not go searching through her stuff without permission.  I like my nose as it is - unbroken."
  "I will, sadly," Chauncey said with finality, turning his head firmly back to the papers on his desk and awkwardly staying silent and immobile until Rinn saw himself out.  He was always odd and difficult to deal with.
  "Enjoy your 'drawing' session Chauncey..." he said as he exited, wishing Brob and Rack were there to join in on his joke.
  He took to the streets, marching quickly home to the Bog Street HQ.  It wasn't a long walk, nor was it through particularly dangerous or unwelcome streets, but he was still aware that Stopper the assassin may still be after them on behalf of their lizard nemeses.  Walking alone with the dread of having your throat slashed was an unpleasant sensation.
  Nevertheless,  he made it back safe and sound and found that Brob, Rack, and Arissa had begun seriously painting the walls rather than simply drawing phalluses all over them.  Rather than go back up the stairs to continue the DIY jobs, he took up a paintbrush and joined in with the others.
  "What was all that about Cap'n?" Rack enquired.
  "Chauncey.  He wanted us to summon Batchley here with his teapot of dreams.  He wants to question the old guy about the portaling and disappearing of matter and all that stuff.  I told him we'd see what we could do when Sephra got back... but I feel a bit rude calling Batchley to us again.  What if he brings himself here but can't get back?" Rinn replied.
  The three of them had no good suggestions.  They were not the deepest thinkers in the world, Rinn thought, though he quickly reminded himself that deep thinking was not the only virtue.
  "Maybe it's worth the risk?  Batchley's an ancient piece of hardware anyway.  It's not like he's gonna miss out on too much if things go wrong!" Brob said with a grin.
  "This is true," Rinn said.  "But it does feel a bit rude... he already helped us out in a big way - twice."
  "He loves travel though doesn't he - and our world is a new one!  He'll be super excited I'm sure!" Arissa added.
  "Hmm I suppose you're right..."
  They continued painting for another hour or so until Sephra, Trufty, and Smim returned from their trip to see if there were any traders about.
  Smim had been unsuccessful in his quest to secure new 'magical' crystals for Arissa, and so felt like an abject failure.  She didn't seem concerned.
  Sephra too had been unsuccessful, since there were very few traders about and they seemed mainly to be dealing in only the essentials that people would risk going outdoors to buy.  During these times of uncertainty in which vicious barragoons may violently appear at any moment, dealing out death and suffering, it was not wise to go on shopping trips for luxury items such as brewing reagents!  Unless of course you were the owner of the Crusty Pantaloons...
  Trufty meanwhile had secured some decent stabling for Horace Winghoof that was a significant improvement over the stabling of the town guards' horses.  For one thing, this privately run establishment would actually clean and brush the horse!
  "Any sign of Stopper?  I'm still worried he's only biding his time before fulfilling his contract and taking us out," Rinn asked of the returning three.
  "Nohing, Captain.  The city is very quiet so I should think he'd struggle to hide during the daylight hours," Trufty replied.
  Rack looked round from the corner he'd been painting, a blue smudge on his cheek.
  "Don't believe that Trufty, Stopper ain't normal.  I wouldn't be surprised if he was here in this room with us."
  "Well now I'm reassured.  At least there's a few big hunky men here to look after me!" Sephra said, giving Rack a coy smile        
  Rack playfully flicked some paint at her, making her giggle as she leaped to avoid it.  He proceeded to chase her around the room like a naughty little boy.
  "I tried to find some of those crystals you wanted Arissa, but there didn't seem to be any merchants selling them to day," Smim said apologetically, even though he'd been doing her a favour.  She gave him a slightly questioning look, as though she'd forgotten he was even doing it, and poor Smim's heart sank.
  Before things turned into a big gossip-fest, Rinn moved it along.
  "So anyway.  A strange hobo came in earlier... his name was Albert and he was apparently on an errand from Biggins.  Turned out the message was from Chauncey, so I went to see him - he said he wanted to speak to Batchley to ask him about all this dimensional travel and teleporting and so on.  Sephra - do you still have the teapot that he gave you?"
  She paused being chased by Rack and breathlessly tried to stop giggling.
  "Yeah, I have it.  It's over in my shop somewhere."
  "Somewhere?  You mean you don't have it locked down in a safe place where you always know exactly how to find it?"
  "No, why...?"
  "Oh, I don't know, maybe because it's some sort of magical artifact that can summon help in emergencies?" Rinn asked incredulously.
  Sephra was unmoved by his sarcasm and waved a hand dismissively.
  "It's fine, it's in the back with the brewing gear.  I'll go get it now if you can keep your knickers on!"
*
  Several minutes later, a furious-looking Sephra stormed back into HQ.  She looked Rinn dead in the eye and told him what he already knew he was going to hear just from the look on her face.
  "MY STUFF'S BEEN STOLEN!"
  
________________
CHAPTER 2
THE PILFERING OF AN ENSORCELLED TEAPOT
  "Please tell me you are joking?" Rinn asked, hoping beyond all reason that she was pulling his leg right now.
  "NO!  The teapot isn't there, and neither's the latest batch of me special brew!  Some bastard's taken away two week's work!  I'll skin the bugger alive if I find them!" Sephra ranted.
  Rinn paced back and forth, one hand on his hip and another massaging his forehead.  His stress level had just spiked from a casual 'my underlings are painting phallic symbols on the walls of my business establishment' to a migraine-inducing 'maybe the end of the world is a good thing after all.'
  "It must have been the lizards?" Arissa asked, trying to be helpful.
  "Scaly bastards!" Sephra said.
  "As if summoning monsters here weren't bad enough, now they steal your booze?  Unacceptable," said Brob with a sad shake of his head.
  Rinn flopped on one of the mouldy old sofas that their reptilian nemeses had put there in their attempt at bribing the adventures to stay out of their affairs.  He stared up at the ceiling for a moment, trying to get a handle on his frustration.
  "What was the place like Sephra?  Any damage?" Rack asked.
  "No, not like last time.  No drunk garraboon in the back.  They've just taken a few things and left!"
  "What'd they take?  Just the brew and teapot?"
  "The buggers grabbed a bunch of my products.  I'm all out of arse cream now too!"
  Rack looked thoughtful and he turned to Rinn.
  "Cap'n, I ain't so sure it was lizards this time.  Even if they knew about the teapot and wanted it, why would they take the other stuff?  I reckon it was just some Bog Street drunk's been in and grabbed whatever they could."
  Rinn was about to reply snappily at him, but he caught the words before they came out.  Rack was making sense, and the situation might not be quite as bad as he'd first thought.
  "These poor folk must have such wretched struggles if they are forced into such petty criminality," Trufty said sadly.
  Sephra did not appreciate his empathy.  She rounded on him and put her hands on her hips.
  "Don't you go patronising the folk of Bog Street you posh twerp!  We may be poorly educated, violent, thieving drunks with an abundance of arse ailments... but we're still people!  We can make our own decisions thank you very much!" she ranted.
  Trufty was aghast!  He'd meant no offense and certainly hadn't expected to be chewed out like that.
  "Hey girl, I was just trying to be nice.  Don't you get sassy with me, I'm not the one stealing from you!"
  Rinn could see exactly where this was going, and decided to step in before things boiled over.  He stood up from the sofa with a sudden movement and stood between the arguing pair, spreading his arms out between them to maintain distance.
  "Enough!  Sephra, Trufty was just being nice and you're anger isn't for him.  Trufty, Sephra is a proud woman and her people do not need your pity.  We've got much bigger problems right now, so stow your attitude, alright?  Let's take a look over at your shop and see if there's any clues over there.  Rack, Arissa?"
  The two, who had been silently enjoying the drama, put down their paint brushes and joined the Captain as he marched across the street towards Sephra's apothecary shop.
  As far as Rinn could tell, everything outside was normal, but the main shop room looked a little... he would describe it as 'rifled through'.  Not deliberately ransacked, but there were a fiew bits and bobs strewn about on the floor and on shelves, where ordinarily they'd be quite neat.  Even for Sephra.
  "Anything?" he asked of Rack and Arissa.  The others were mooching about and getting in the way, but they didn't really have any knowledge whatsoever about this kind of thing and he didn't expect them to contribute a whole lot.
  "Nothin' obvious to me Cap'n.  So far just looks like someone found the place unlocked - or picked the lock - and grabbed whatever they thought was worth some money.  No broken windows... no smashed door..."
  "I agree, I wouldn't even be surprised if it was a naughty badger that had found it's way in and tried to eat everything!  They do that sometimes you know, they can be quite badly behaved little cuties!" Arissa said.
  "Do you get many badgers in the city?" Rinn asked, thinking she might be insane.  She missed his dry humorous inflection.
  "I've never seen one, but where mummy and daddy's house is we have men who clean the streets and make sure there's no animals.  You must get lots of wild stuff around here though?"
  Bless her.  She was so naive and he didn't have the heart to spoil her dreams.  If the peasants of Bog Street saw a badger, they'd probably eat it out of desperation, get rabies, then go on a murder spree.
  Stepping lightly and avoiding any debris on the floor of the crime scene, they made their way to Sephra's back room and brewing area.  Things looked much the same, with the odd broken glass beaker and spilled box of dried stuff.
  "Sephra, where did you leave the teapot?" Rinn called through to the main shop area where Sephra was standing and muttering grumpily.
  "iiiKnew I shouldn't have got mixed up with these idiotsjjj...WHAT?" she yelled.
  "The teapot!  Where did you leave it?" the Captain repeated.
  "I dunno, it was sort of near the thingy."
  Rinn closed his eyes for a long second and drew in a deep breath through his nose.  He made a mental note never to leave anything mission-critical in Sephra's hands ever again.
  He decided to let it go at that, and moved on.
  "There's nothing much of interest here as far as I can tell," he said to Rack and Arissa, who agreed.
  "I still think it's common theft cap'n, if I were a lizard agent I'd be a whole lot cleaner'n this," Rack said.
  Rinn happened to agree with his analysis, and he wasn't sure if this was good or bad news.  If it had been taken by the lizards, it would certainly be a disaster as they'd potentially be able to use the teapot or learn something from it - they might even accidentally summon Batchley and do something nasty.
  Presumably if they'd stolen it, they would have known what the teapot was capable of, and this seemed unlikely even for them.  Getting it back would be impossible.
  The other possibility was that it had simply been stolen by an opportunistic burglar who had no idea what it really was and had grabbed whatever looked to be worth carrying.
  "If it has been stolen, how are we going to find it?" Trufty asked as they returned to the shop front.
  "Rack, any ideas?" Rinn asked.
  "Yeah I got a couple of people I can ask.  Fences mostly - chances are, whoever took it is gonna try and sell it on fast and get rid of it... and they'll sell it cheap.  I'll go see what I can find out now."
  "Good, they must have been in some time in the last couple of hours so hopefully it won't have gone far.  Take Brob with you just in case of any sightings of Stopper - maybe he's deterred from slitting our gizzards when we travel in groups."
  Rack nodded and took off up the street with Brob at a light jog.  There were very few people about the city, so they'd likely have to be careful about meeting shady contacts - it would be far easier for their identity to be blown.
  Meanwhile, as the rest of the squad headed back to HQ, Rinn asked Trufty to accompany him to speak to Biggins and Chauncey - fully armed.  The rest could take up their paint brushes and heroically wield them in mortal combat with any missed spots.
  The pair reached Biggins' logistics base without incident and stepped inside.  As per usual, the little Chief was studying his map and bossing orderlies around as though they were at all-out war with huge armies.
  In reality, the garraboon attacks had remained fairly consistent and not massively threatening.  The town guard, working with Chadley's mercenaries The Screeching Seagulls, Rinn's squad, and Dathory's knights had been able to quite comfortably handle them, and had improved their response time to minimise damage to the civilians.  Luckily, there had been no more huge twelve-foot metal giants since the first one.
  Injuries and casualties were thankfully still quite low, and morale was good.  Only those with more questioning and quick minds were worried that this could not last.
  The governor of the city had instructed the people to remain locked up indoors as much as possible to try and keep them safe.  At first everyone had been overjoyed to stop working and spend the days sitting on their arse eating bread and cheese, but very quickly this had grown boring and a lot of cabin fever had been growing.  The town guard had been called out to break up quite a few drunken street parties already.
  "Ah, Rinn.  Sorted that wizard out?" Biggins asked, quite informally for a man like him.
  "No Sir.  Working on it, we've come to speak to Chauncey."
  "Move along then - at the double," he said dismissively, returning to his work.
  They crossed the room and went through to knock on Chauncey's door.  The wizard opened it and stood there on the corridor with them, rather than inviting them into his private room.
  "Do you have it?" he asked, arms crossed and making no eye contact.
  "Not... yet.  Can we step inside your room for a minute?"
  "No.  Where is it?"
  "Well, Sephra was looking after it as Batchley gave it specifically to her.  She had stored it safely and hidden in her apothecary shop, but somebody seems to have broken in there this morning and stolen it."
  Seeing the look of anger on Chauncey's chubby red face, he continued swiftly.
  "But I've sent Rack and Brob out to see if any of his underworld contacts have heard about it.  Hopefully we might be able to get it back quickly."
  "And what if it was taken by the lizards?"
  "We investigated the scene and we decided that it looked more like an accidental victim of burglary.  If the lizards had been in to steal it, they would have been much cleaner, we believe," Rinn said, now feeling a sudden and irrational doubt of their analysis.
  "Did you pea-brains never stop your ceaseless destroying of the world for one second to consider that perhaps they left it looking like that iiiintentionallyjjj?  To mislead you and waste your time?"
  Damn.  He made a good point.  Misdirection and shifting the blame to unwitting victims just so happened to be their modus operandi - one which Rinn and the gang had personally been hit with.
  His mouth squidged to one side and he looked away from Chauncey, not quite able to hide his look of 'oh, i failed to think of that'.
  "Idiots.  Who knows what knowledge that teapot could have granted when investigated by an intellectual?  If it iiihasjjj been taken by the lizards, you monkeys may have just given them a great weapon for all we know."
  Since they were on the corridor, they spoke in hushed voices so that Biggins didn't hear, but there was an edge of genuine rage in Chauncey's voice.  Apparently he didn't like it when you messed with his academic toys.
  "Look, I'm sorry OK? we didn't realise it would be this important.  I still stand by our idea.  For the lizards to have stolen it, they would have to have known what it was and where it was - and I don't see any reason to believe that they did."
  Chauncey pinched the bridge of his nose and closed his eyes.  With one hand on his hip and his eyes still closed in frustration, he waved his remaining hand around as if writing on a chalkboard for a class of students.
  "Don't you ever think?  They are dimension-hopping lizard people who are secretly pulling all the strings in a world where people don't believe they exist!  They have access to powers and knowledge we can only dream of!  For all we know, they could magically track the teapot's location!" he hissed.
  Rinn flopped his arms in defeat.
  "Well if they iiihavejjj taken it then we're screwed anyway, so no point crying over it.  I'm going to continue on the assumption that it was some hapless thief, and maybe we'll get lucky.  Good day Chauncey."
  The wizard paused for a moment before returning to his room and closing the door passive-aggressively.  Only then did they hear a muffled 'iiiIDIOTSjjj.'
  "Let's hope we are right Captain.  I do believe Chauncey is worrying over-much, and that our assessment was solid!" Trufty said, laying a hand encouragingly on Rinn - although it was awkwardly close to his meagre bicep.
  "Thanks Trufty.  Come on, let's get back to HQ.  See if we can slip past Biggins without hearing about the Mandrake Wars again."
*
  Several hours later, Rinn sat with Trufty, Smim, Arissa, and Sephra in the newly painted reception room of Thirteen Bog Street.  They were playing cards to pass the time until Rack and Brob got back - assuming they hadn't been assassinated by Stopper, kidnapped by lizards, or torn to shreds by garraboons.
  "GIN!" Smim shouted with excitement, laying cards on the shabby wooden table the lizard overlords had supplied them with.  The other three looked up wearily.
  "We're playing whist, Smim," Sephra said.
  Arissa looked to her with surprise.
  "Are we?  I thought it was snap!"
  "Have we all just been staring at cards for five minutes, preparing for different games?" Rinn asked, realising he must have been pretty distracted to not have even noticed.
  In truth he was anxiously awaiting news from the other two.  He wasn't too worried for them, they could handle trouble and Rack was streetwise enough to remain fairly inconspicuous, but they had been gone quite a while and he  urgently wanted to get on the trail of Batchley's teapot.
  The longer they delayed, the colder the trail would get.
  "Hmph.  I thought I won!" Smim complained.  "Never mind, I'll go upstairs and work on my memoirs..."
  "Are you recording the tales of our heroism, dear Smim?" Trufty asked as Smim stood.
  "Yes, I've started a book complete with sketches of everyone!  I'm really proud of the one I drew of you, Arissa.  Would you like to see it?"
  "Hm, what?" she said, not looking up from the cards which she was expertly shuffling.  "That's great Smim, I'd love to but I think this is enough card playing for me."
  She obviously wasn't listening.  Smim turned away, dejected, but Sephra gave him a light dig on the thigh and pulled him back around.
  "Oy!  He was asking if you want to see the art he's been working on you dozy woodland creature!"
  Smim flushed, but Arissa cocked her head with some interest.  His heart raced and he felt a surge of gratitude towards Sephra and her bullish ways.  Sephra smirked with satisfaction.
  "HULLO!  WE'RE BACK!" they all heard Brob roaring as he thrust his way through the front door.
  Smim's moment was ruined.  Everybody was too interested to find out if the two blokes had any news, and Arissa forgot all about his invitation.
  "What's the story?" Rinn asked immediately, wanting to get directly to the point.
  "So it took us a while but we finally got the name - fake name - of a fence who had bought the teapot.  We had to check up on a lot of different leads... those homeless guys will tell you anything for a penny..." Rack began.
  "Yes, yes, so who and where is this fence?"
  Rack, despite his effortless swagger and charisma, looked ever so slightly hurt.  They had worked hard, chasing down slippery characters and getting into heated arguments with dangerous people, all in order to get this information.  He didn't feel particularly appreciated.
  "His street name's Swaggidge Cap'n.  Word is he'll take just about anything you can steal - but you'll get a bad deal on it.  People go to him if they're desperate."
  "Excellent, how can we find him?"
  "It ain't that simple Cap.  We're told he sold it already, to some kind of collector in the rich quarter - apparently he was braggin' about turning a huge profit on it.  We don't know who that buyer is unless we find Swaggidge."
  Rinn exhaled through his nose in frustration.  The situation felt as though it was rapidly getting out of hand - for all they knew, it could have been the lizards that had bought the teapot from Swaggidge.
  "Everybody suit up, we're going to find this Swaggidge.  I don't want to take any chances, and we have to find that teapot as soon as humanly possible."
  There were some quiet groans of disappointment from those who had been sitting comfortably on the sofas, but they got busy gathering their things and within a few minutes were soon out on the street in the gloom of the late afternoon.
  "Follow me everyone, this guy ain't staying in one place long so we gotta go back to our contacts from before," Rack said quietly before heading off up towards the top of Bog Street.  Everybody followed on quickly and quietly, as they always did whenever Rack suggested something.
  Within ten minutes they were approaching what looked like a bundle of abandoned rugs on the floor, up against the side of a boarded up building that was probably frequented by some very undesirable characters.
  The bundle turned out to in fact be one of Rack's hobo contacts, sheltering under whatever discarded furs and clothes and sacks she could find.  There was an awful smell coming off her, and when they saw her gap-toothed drunken smile, they felt great pity.
  "Spare some change, love?" she said automatically.
  "We got coin if you got information," Rack replied smoothly.  "We're lookin' for Swaggidge."
  "Sorry darlin', not seen nor 'eard of 'im for a few days and that means I don't know where he is no more."
  Rinn tossed her a coin even though she had no useful information for them.  They had been doing fairly well recently, so he didn't mind dishing out a little charity.
  "If you do see him," the Captain added.  "Tell him the adventurers for hire from Thirteen Bog Street are looking for him."
  "I will do honey, will do," she said, a broad grin creasing her dirty face.  Her smiles were not genuine, they were almost manic and spoke to her appalling mental health.  Trufty gave her another coin, laid a hand on her shoulder, and told her to keep her chin up.  Better times were coming.
  They continued on up the street, wondering who the next contact of Rack's might be.  If they had looked behind them, they might have seen the homeless woman scuttling off once they were out of earshot, cackling to herself.
________________
CHAPTER 3
A SPONTANEOUS RESCUE OF FINE TEAWARE
  "Who else can we ask?" Rinn queried of Rack, after three fruitless conversations with more of the rogue's homeless network.
  he shrugged his shoulders and ran a hand through his luscious, tousled hair.
  "Normally I'd go round some of the dive bars, but most of them ain't gonna be open these days."
  "So, what, we walk around calling 'Swaggidge!  iiiSwaggiiiiidgejjj!' like we're looking for a lost lamb until something happens, is that all we've got?" Rinn said in frustration, only half joking.
  "Most of the rogueish type have gone underground - the town guard are all over the place and actually doing their jobs for once," Rack replied with a shrug.
  "Perhaps we could be more logical about this, Sir?" Smim asked.
  "Go on..."
  "Instead of going to the source - Swaggidge - we could go to the customer.  Arissa and I know the rich quarter, and that is where our teapot has been sold.  Maybe we should ask around there?"
  "Good idea Smimsy," Sephra said, grabbing him in a loose, affectionate headlock.  "Do you know any boring old rich gits who collects rare antiques?"
  "I don't, but Mummy probably will!" he replied, enthused by her approval.
  Rinn snapped has fingers and pointed in the vague direction of the rich quarter.
  "Make it so.  I like it Smim, keep this up and you might actually be worthy of your second-in-command title after all!"
  The weedy lad beamed and Brob gave him a 'light' pat on the back that almost winded him.
  The squad headed off at a quick march, barrelling down the empty streets and swinging around deserted street corners (not even the working girls seemed to be out) until they found themselves once more in the beautifully maintained rich quarter.
  It was not exactly a gated community, but there were only few entrances - and one could immediately sense an atmosphere of 'you don't belong here' if one was not of the proper breeding.  Even when there were no people around, the snobby aura seemed to hang in the air.
  "If we keep coming here, I'm gonna end up stealing stuff and flogging it to Swaggidge," Sephra remarked, looking around in disgust at the affluence.
  "Why would you take other people's stuff?" Smim asked, sounding a little hurt.
  "Because I'm iiipoorjjj Smim.  There's been days where I haven't eaten food."
  Rinn interjected.
  "That's not the fault of these rich people... or at least, not the fault of iiialljjj of them.  You don't get to take from others just because you're poor."
  "Calm down, it was just a joke!" she said, though her eyes wandered lustily over some beautifully adorned flowerpots nearby which contained small lemon plants.
  "Who we gonna ask then Smim?" Rack asked, mercifully changing the subject.
  "Let's drop in at my parent's villa and see what mummy says... she keeps up on all the latest gossip so she might have heard if somebody sourced an antique teap-"
  His sentence was interrupted by the nearby sound of a man screaming in shock.  It had come from a beautiful yellow villa with painted blue woodwork, the one with the wonderful flower arrangements Sephra had totally not been thinking about stealing.
  Moments later, a horror-stricken old man came stumbling out of the front door, looking all around in panic.
  "Aargh!  Help!  HELP!" he called as he rushed out onto the street.
  His stuttering steps and waving arms brought him level with the squad, and seeing them he sped towards them as fast as his rather overweight old body could managed.
  "You!  Help, there's a monster inside my house!" he shouted.
  "What is it, Sir?  A garraboon?" Trufty queried.
  "No, no, it's... it's... I don't know what it is!  it suddenly appeared in my kitchen and the moment I saw it I fled out here!"
  Trufty drew his father's sword and hitched the unicorn shield to his arm, a determined look on his face.
  "Fear not, we will investigate!"
  "We will, will we?" Rinn asked sarcastically, knowing full well that they would.  He just didn't want anyone to get too comfortable assuming that they'd risk their necks for free.
  "Yes, we will," Trufty replied firmly.
  The others, inspired by his passion, readied their weapons and headed towards the house, the old man trailing behind at a safe distance - though his curiosity battled his fear for control.
  "Brob, you know what to do," Rinn instructed, implying that he wanted Brob to take point.
  Brob being Brob, he took this to mean 'smash the door off the hinges'.  It was completely unnecessary since the front door was already ajar, but he smashed it to kindling with his unwieldy metal boot anyways.  The old man yelped to see his beautiful hand-painted teak being oblitered.
  "Daddy's home!" the little strongman called before marching confidently inside.
  "The kitchen is through the back and to the right!" the old rich guy shouted after him, remaining outside and rubbing his hands nervously.  What of his precious furniture?
  Brob led them inwards, checking each room as he went.  It wouldn't do to be surprise-attacked from behind if the monster had chased after the old man and was now hiding in a different room.
  "Hello there younglings!" came the familiar voice of none other than Orpington Batchley Esquire, traveller of the dimensions, and potentially terrifying monster if you didn't know any better.
  He stood in the doorway of what was presumably the kitchen, his floppy wide-brimmed hat in one hand, a mug of tea in the other, and scraps of rotten flesh hanging from his unnaturally old face.
  "Batchley!?" the squad exclaimed.
  "Let me guess - there's an antique teapot in that kitchen which this old rich bloke just bought today?" Rinn asked.
  "My teapot?  It is indeed in that kitchen.  Whatever do you mean about this gentlemen purchasing it?  You didn't sell it on did you, younglings?  It was supposed to be for emergencies!  It is widely known around the stellar neighbourhood that Orpington Batchley Esquire is fond of tea, but not so fond that I shall pop in on strangers when they make their morning brew!"
  Rinn let out all the anxiety he had stored up when he expected to run into a lizard or a metal monster in the kitchen with a breath.  Once he had his emotional state under control, he smiled and went to shake Batchley's boney hand.
  "It's a long story Batchley.  The teapot was stolen and sold on by a dodgy dealer.  We've chased it across town and only happened by chance to be in the area when you startled this old man!"
  "Egads!  What miserable luck you started out with, but it seems the lady Fortune has balanced things out for you.  I often find that to be the way of things.  Did you catch the thief?"
  "Sadly not, but to be honest I'm just relieved we found you and the teapot.  At first we thought it had been stolen by the lizard people, but if it was just some opportunistic scumbag then we're not too worried about it - happens all the time on our street," Rinn said flippantly.  He was so relieved to find the teapot that he was finding it difficult to worry about the theft.
  Batchley, however, looked suddenly uncomfortable and shifty as a shadow crossed his face.
  "Lizard... people?"
  It seemed to Rinn that Batchley was feigning ignorance, but he went along with it for the time being.
  "I think we have a lot to catch up on... but first let's sort this old guy out.  Pretend we have apprehended you and are taking you to the town guard - and follow my lead."
  Batchley assented, and walked outside with Rack and Brob each holding one of his arms - delicately.
  Rinn, carrying the teapot, approached the old man.
  "We've taken care of your monster problem Sir, and in lieu of payment we will simply take this rather fantastic teapot - if you find that agreeable?"
  The old man was barely listening as he was staring in awestruck fear and confusion at Batchley.  His eyes never left the ancient being though his head turned towards Rinn.  He spoke from the side of his mouth and sounded almost drunk.
  "Sure... sure.  Fair deal.  Thank you young man... excellent job, no fuss..."
  "The house is safe for you to return!  Feel free to claim the expense of the door back from the town guard - send your bill to Chief Biggins!" Rinn said with a smirk of satisfaction before heading off home with the squad.
  There was no better feeling than a job well done.
*
  A while later, sitting in the front room of HQ with a round of brews and biscuits sorted out, the squad were telling Batchley all about everything that had happened since they had parted ways back in Ghoul Town.
  Though it hadn't been a very long time, so much had changed for them.  They recounted the scenes of terror in the interplanar station, where it seemed as though some great mythological battle between the ticket angel and an entity of darkness had been going on.
  They told of how they had returned home to find that Brob had accidentally freed a black portal and begun some kind of apocalypse.  They told the (somewhat embellished) stories of their battles with the garraboons, the metal giant, and finally the lizard folk.  They spoke of how they'd looked to the knights for help, ultimately finding out about the secret power of the lizards that ruled their world from behind the scenes.  The story ended with Smim's kidnap and rescue.
  Batchley put his tea down and nodded slowly, letting it all sink in.
  "My goodness you certainly spin a good tale, younglings.  If even half of it is true, which I doubt not, then you have certainly lived up to your profession of adventurers for hire!  I should think you all fortunate to still be here, none the worse for wear!"
  Rinn and Rack stripped their sleeves and showed their developing scars.  Brob began removing his shirt to show the scabbed wound left by Stopper's crossbow bolt in his back, but put it back on after a hand-wave from Rinn.
  "Not quite mint condition, but can't complain really!" the Captain said.
  "Ouch!  Ah well, something to impress the ladies no doubt.  Now, these lizard folk..."
  "You know of them, don't you?" Rinn asked, looking directly into Batchley's eyes and looking for any hints that he might attempt to conceal the truth.
  Batchley remained quiet for a moment before speaking.
  "I do.  Or rather, I should say I had guessed.  I did not know that the lizards were the ones, but I believed that iiisomethingjjj was operating thusly.  Do you remember the curious case of the long-lived child in my social club back in Ghoul Town?"
  A shudder of revulsion went around the room.
  "We do."
  "Perhaps you have already put two and two together as I say this.  I alluded to you about the nefarious practices of magic that happen in Ghoul Town and the unsavoury characters that research them... I believe it is all connected.  I have traveled to many places in this universe, and perhaps out of it, and in many of them have I seen signs.  I dared not speak of it to any.  Though they are friendly folk in Ghoul Town, they have mostly lived long and varied lives and it is not by accident that they have survived.  I do not doubt that most would lie and manipulate and be more than happy to sell you out for the right price!  It would never do back in my native home of Towndon... but there you go."
  "So what led you to believe that there was this grand conspiracy going on?" Trufty asked, enthralled in Batchley's tale.
  "I would not say that I had decided upon this - it was more like intuition.  I have been to many worlds and met many people, and I have observed much - and always there have been strange happenings and trends.  Things that felt off, but were difficult to explain.  For a long while I attributed it to mere culture shock, but ultimately there was too much in common for me to ignore it."
  He paused for a gratifying sip of tea and a thoughtful look came over him.
  "I suppose that at first I did not want to admit it to myself - it is easier to close ones eyes to such things and continue to enjoy the world than it is to look directly into the abyss.  It is only once the abyss has already begun to swallow them do most people take note and fight against the tide... I have seen it too often.  There are worlds which I cannot go back to, for they have torn themselves apart," he finished sadly.
  "Wait... what was that about looking at the abyss?  Say it again," Rinn asked.
  "It's easier for people to ignore things than to look at what they don't like?"
  "Something about that sounds familiar," Sephra added, looking to Rinn and thinking they were of the same mind.
  "What do you mean, dear?" Batchley asked.
  "Abysses are dark right?" she said.
  "Indeed, they are the absolute darkness, the void, the nothingness - the theory goes that when you stare into the abyss you stare only at what you take in with you.  It reflects your own faults back at you.  It forces one to consider the things about oneself that one would rather pretend do not exist.  A harrowing experience, but for those with courage it is one of great benefit."
  "Yeah, yeah, philosophical stuff aside, it sounds like something the lizards talk about all the time.  They have this phrase that they always recite like some kind of chant - iiithe darkness must be observedjjj.  When you just said about looking into the abyss, something twigged inside my head," Rinn said excitedly.  "They iiihavejjj to be related."
  "I had the exact same feeling," Sephra added with a nod.  "Do you think this phrase is like some kind of message they are trying to put out there?"
  Rinn snorted.
  "What, that the lizard people are trying to teach us all about personal growth?  It seems unlikely... so far, from what I can tell, iiitheyjjj are the darkness, especially if what Batchley says about their evil practices in Ghoul Town are true."
  "I do not think it is only Ghoul Town either my boy, I should think it spills over into many worlds.  You say that they are deeply entrenched in the power structures here - who is to say that they have not been at this for centuries and have not already spread to other realms?"  Batchley asked with a serious tone.
  "They better not have!  They've caused me pub to get closed down!" Brob said.
  "Alas Brobby, it makes sense what Batchley is saying," Arissa replied.  "If an animal outgrows it's own habitat, it has to move into the territory of another to feed.  I bet those nasty lizards did exactly that with their own home!"
    "You are wise, Arissa," Batchley said approvingly, giving her forearm a squeeze since she was sat next to him on the squishy old sofa.  "I think you must be right - whether it was their consumption of resources or their lust for power, such characters will have desires exceeding their original means."
  "And now we either have to accept their rule or somehow beat them," Smim said miserably.  "Maybe they're not so bad?  If they've been ruling here already without us knowing, they haven't done anything that terrible.  Things here are pretty good."
  "Yeah, for you living in the rich quarter they've been good..." Sephra retorted with a little more bitterness than she intended.
  "Remember that we have accelerated their plans though, Smim," Rinn said.  "They have been laying low and building up their power here, and Brob's portal accident was what forced their hand.  Since then they've been vanishing blocks of matter and unleashing garraboons on us.  It doesn't look good."
  He waved his hands to prevent any further conversing from kicking off.
  "But anyway, we've been over all this a hundred times.  Batchley, the reason we initially needed to get out your teapot again was that one of the very few magic users in our world, Chauncey, heard about you and wanted to ask you about how you travel.  Perhaps it could help us in this great war against the lizard folk?" the captain asked
  The ancient posho looked about as perturbed as a near-feshless walking corpse is able to look.  He raised one rotted hand and stroked his disgusting chin for a moment.
  "I could certainly talk to this wizard and perhaps point him in the right direction on a few things, but I will not disclose everything I know.  It is not for me to give away the secrets I have been taught to just anyone - as much as I should like to help in your cause.  Such knowledge can be extremely dangerous in the wrong hands... how much do you trust this Chauncey?"
  Sephra snorted.
  "Around cute young women?  Not at all, but he'll probably do the right thing with magic."
  "iiiProbablyjjj?" Batchley exclaimed with concern.
  "You'll see when you meet him.  He's a very unpleasant character, but he's not the type to go and do something malevolent.  I warn you now though, he'll piss you off no end," Rinn explained.
  "Very well, I shan't struggle - I've made friends with more people than probably live in this city of yours so I'm not too shabby at making acquaintances!  I suppose you may as well take me to him sooner rather than later."
  Rinn agreed and took Rack and Brob out with him to escort Batchley over to the logistics base where Chauncey was likely to be.
  Out on the street, they ran into none other than Albert D. Janeese.
  "Hullo Albert," Rinn said without enthusiasm.
  "Rinn," Albert said irreverantly.  "And who is this?  iiiThisjjj man gets it!"
  Rinn cocked an eyebrow at Albert's approval, but he assumed it was because of Batchley's incredibly unappealing appearance.
  Albert raised his lamp, now actually serving a purpose since the sun had begun setting, and studied Batchley.  He didn't seem concerned or even surprised at the rotten visage before him.
  Batchley, noticing this, was suitably impressed and introduced himself most formally.
  "A pleasure to meet you Mr... Albert?  Capital name, Sir.  You are a friend of the squad?"
  "In a manner of speaking," Albert replied somewhat insultingly.  "I'm here at the behest of Biggins once more - curse his name - I was to send for Rinn and the squad to see him at once."
  "We were just on our way there anyway, Albert," Rinn replied.  "We're taking Batchley here to speak to Chauncey about... town guard business."
  "I should think you will be consulting our resident wizard about magical transportation of matter?" Albert asked, directing his question to Batchley.
  "How do you know about that?" Rinn interrupted.
  "I didn't.  It was a deduction.  I should like to accompany you Sir Batchley, I have a great interest in such metaphysical problems!"
  Batchley smiled and nodded vigorously, causing his face-flesh to wobble dangerously.
  "Absolutely Sir!  If that is acceptable to the wizard, then I am more than happy for you to accompany me."
  Rinn was irritated that neither of them considered his opinion on the matter, and he was sure Biggins wasn't going to be to keen about bringing more people in than necessary.  That was his problem though.
  The nine of them made for the logistics base, hastily passing through the darkening streets in the hope that they could get there without any civilians seeing Batchley and having a heart attack.
  Make it they did, and they entered the humble building and announced themselves.
  "Ugh!" cried one of the orderlies.
  Another dropped his papers.
  "What is iiithatjjj?" Alan asked.
  "ROOM 'SHUN!" Biggins commanded, causing all the orderlies to snap to attention and stand in silence instead of gossipping and vocalising their shock and horror.
  "Bloody room full of ninnies here.  Dreadful.  No spine in the force these days!"
  He went on doing his usual Biggins thing and Rinn and co all waited patiently until they could move on.  Apparently Chauncey had informed Biggins of the details, since he didn't seem too surprised at the appearance of a walking corpse.
  Just as they were shuffling Batchley around the map-table and towards the door to the back rooms, Biggins called Rinn and the squad back.
  "Captain Rinn.  I don't believe Mr Batchley there will require any more baby-sitting for a while.  I've got a job for you."
  The squad mentally rolled their eyes and started thinking about whether they wanted to be cremated or buried.
  "Garraboon bashing?" Brob asked hopefully.
  "Not today old boy.  I need you working something far less glorious - I need you on customer relations."
________________
CHAPTER 4
FELINES ESCAPING FROM RECEPTACLES
  "What do you mean, customer relations?" Rinn asked suspiciously.
  "I mean there's a small crowd of loud civilians gathering outside the governor's house, demanding to know why there's monsters running around the city destroying things and tearing people apart like wet tissue paper!" Biggins said.
  Rinn furrowed his brow.
  "What are we supposed to do about it?  Tell them there's a secret society of lizard folk running the world and that we've pissed them off?"
  "The iiiTRUTHjjj?  Don't be ridiculous.  The civvies can't handle it - got to keep them calm and prevent things getting out of hand.  We'll be maintaining order and eventually sending them home."
  "So we're going to lie to the public?" Trufty said disapprovingly.
  "Not if you keep your mouths shut and follow orders.  Back in my day the lads would be flogged and hanged for spilling state secrets but I've been told that corporal punishment is no longer allowed.  Hah!  This city's gone to the dogs."
  "Follow orders?  Might I remind you that we work on a contract basis now Biggins, and we don't have to take your work," Rinn said.
  Biggins inhaled through his nose, the air being filtered through his huge moustache.  He wasn't impressed.
  "Now look here lad, you lot have done good work here righting the wrongs you've done, but you still have a responsibility.  Nobody said it was going to be pleasant keeping the civvies in the dark - least of all me, I've fought for freedom all my life!  But there is a greater good to look out for here.  We happy few just so happen to be the ones who are burdened with the truth and must decide what to do with it - and the governor says, 'conceal it'!"
  Before they had a chance to ask any more questions about ethics or right and wrong, he marched over to his map table and showed them where the small protest had been gathering outside the governor's private residence.  It was not far from the Magistrate's courthouse, though in a much nicer gated community that would likely be similar to Smim and Arissa's neck of the woods.
  "The last report that came in said there was only around five people, though that number is likely to have gone up a few since then.  I want you to get down there and keep as much distance as you can - with no drawn weapons and no aggressive actions or body language.  Do not intervene unless you have to for the safety of the people or the Governor.  These people have the right to be heard and the Governor can be the one to decide how best to answer their questions - it's above all our paygrades!"
  "What if the Governor is working for the lizards?" Smim asked.
  "Then we've got far bigger problems, lad.  Now, get out there quicksmart and stop asking questions.  You'll be relieving Chadley and his boys, and I'll send more to relieve you a few hours after that.  We'll 'encourage' folk to head home to bed if they haven't done so already.  Off you pop!"
  Rinn did not like the smell of this one bit, but he wasn't in any mood to fight it.  Biggins and the town guard were a source of easy work right now in very tense times - the money from security jobs would soon dry up since many people were out of business and hiding at home.
  He led the squad outside and they talked it over as they made their way towards the Governor's house, each member of the squad putting forth their own opinions on the subject.
  "This is bollocks!" Sephra said.  "They can't decide who gets to know the truth and who doesn't, the people have a right to know!"
  "I do agree that people have a right to know, but perhaps there is a better time to tell them than immediately?" Trufty responded.
  Sephra looked as though she was about to angrily retort but Arissa beat her to it.
  "My Daddy says that most of the plebs are too stupid to look after themselves, and they must be governed.  This is why we vote for things isn't it?  So smarter people can look out for everyone!"
  "I think you might be being a tad naive there Arissa," Rinn said, trying to tip-toe around the fringes of putting forth any strong opinion.  "First of all, there's no guarantee that the upper crust are any less stupid than 'the plebs', and second of all, there's definitely no guarantee that they'll do the right thing."
  "Yeah, exactly!  They're all corrupt liars who want to steal everything from the poor people!" Sephra added.
  "But on the other hand..." Rinn continued.  "If the people found out about every little thing that went on, there'd be panic.  People might be rioting or looting or fleeing the city - they might even attack eachother!  No regular person has enough time to carefully consider all the information on every subject."
  Sephra harrumphed, and Brob joined the conversation.
  "If it were up to me, everyone'd know.  If we're gonna be in a scrap with some reptiles, I want everyone to having a fighting chance!"
  "Same with me, I think freedom is more important than safety," Rack said.
  "I believe the safety of the people is paramount, and I trust in most people to do the right thing when necessary.  Remember that not all people are able to fight, and sometimes it may be better to be honest with them, and sometimes it may be better to conceal things!"
  And so on went the debate, with everybody taking different angles and citing different sets of circumstances.  It would have continued endlessly if they'd had a couple of beers each and the rest of the night to blow hot air at eachother, but fortunately there was a job to do.
  Arriving at the Governor's house, they found a small crowd of around fifteen civilians of varying ages and appearances, a few of them holding torches.  Most were waving their fists in the air and speaking various grudges forth.  Opposite them was a slightly smaller crowd, a short distance away, that was yelling things back at them.  Evidently the two sides were in disagreement.
  At the front door to the Governor's palatial residence there stood two nervous-looking bodyguards who were inexperienced and felt out-gunned by the crowd.  Rinn didn't like the look the situation - it could boil over easily if one of the guards took a careless action out of fear.
  The chanting and shouting of the crowds was likely annoying other local residents, who would probably come out and start shouting about the disturbance and just make everything worse - but there was nothing the squad could do.  Biggins had been quite clear that they were to use minimum necessary force.
  Rinn decided to take the squad and physically stand between the crowds and make an effort to keep them separate, so that hopefully they wouldn't kick off a battle.  Leaving his spear with Smim, he strode out into the space that still remained with his arms out by his sides in a gesture of peace.  He tried to shout over the racket that he was there on behalf of the town guard to keep the peace, but he wasn't sure anyone paid him any mind.  Thankfully, they didn't seem to take issue with him or the squad moving in.
  "We demand the truth about these monster attacks!" one protestor within the original crowd shouted.
  "The people must know what is really happening!" said another.
  "Why are the town guard allowing the monsters to destroy our lives?"
  The signs that their comrades were holding bore messages such as 'no more lies' and 'truth and justice for all'.  Not many people in the city could read or write, never mind afford paper and ink, so the presence of the signs spoke as to the status of the protestors.
  Across the divide on the other side, opposing forces were retaliating with their own ideas.
  "We stand with the town guard and the Governor!"
  "The people must stay safe at home and not provoke the enemy!"
  Of course, they didn't know who 'the enemy' actually was, but that didn't stop them.
  The squad hung about for quite a while listening to the pointless shouting, slowly developing headaches.  They were grateful that it had not yet devolved into violence, but the energy levels were steadily climbing and there was an unpleasant atmosphere.
  "If only we could quieten everybody down and have a reasonable discussion," Trufty shouted ruefully to Rinn.
  "You're welcome to try but I doubt you'll be heard!" Rinn yelled back in his ear.
  Trufty faced the body of the original protest group, and raised his arms.
  "PROTESTORS!  The town guard is doing it's best to protect you!  We understand your anxiety, but trust in the brave men and women in armour!"
  "Shut up, boot licker!  You're working for them, you're probably lying on their behalf!" someone shouted back.
  Trufty looked hurt and surprised.  Apparently he had naively expected the crowd to appreciate his sincere good will.
  He looked to Rinn who shrugged, having figured this would happen.  Turning to the other group, he tried again.
  "HEAR ME, GOOD PEOPLE!  The other group has valid concerns, the public has a right to know about what's being going on!"
  Again he was mistaken for thinking that his words might not fall on deaf ears.  Someone threw a banana peel at him, and another heckled from somewhere within the mob.
  "Go stand with your comrades over there, traitor!"
  Trufty, normally a level-headed do-gooder, was furious.  He made as if to leave the line of scrimmage and set the heckler to rights, but Rinn stopped him with a hand on the shoulder.
  "Don't rise to it Trufty.  They don't see you, not really.  You're just a voice.  We're here to protect, remember?"
  The would-be knight's eyes remained firmly on the crowd where he thought the heckle had come from, but he kept his cool and stayed in place despite the growing insults and missiles flying back and forth.
  "Sir, I don't like this!  I think they're going to charge us at any minute!" Smim shouted.
  Rinn silently agreed, it wasn't looking good.  Both crowds seemed to be growing more agitated and shouty, and nothing positive was coming from the situation at all.
  He was wondering what the best course would be if they had to restrain people without inciting a riot when Chadley and the Screeching Seagulls showed up.
  Chadley the ludicrously handsome mercenary waved a hand when he saw Rinn and brought his boys over to join the squad.
  They were not exactly on friendly terms, what with the Seagulls being insufferably arrogant and good looking and competitive and charming, but they had shared in several battles now and this had created some level of fellowship between them.  Chadley had lost a man to the magic of the lizard people, and it was no small loss to his squad.
  "What's it been like?"  the mercenary shouted over the din.
  "Not bad, but it's heating up.  I think you might need to step in soon... good luck and goodnight!" Rinn responded, trying to get his people out of there as fast as possible.
  "Oh no you don't," Chadley shouted as he grabbed Rinn's arm.  "If we're to step in, let's do it now while we have the numbers.  The crowd know you so maybe they won't flip out."
  "Fine, how do we do it?"
  Chadley ignored him and issued a quick command to his boys, who immediately spread out and started pushing the now furious crowds back.  There was so much shouting and confusion that Rinn grew worried for their safety.  Who knew what the mobs would do?
  "HEY!  They're trying to shut down our protest!" yelled one nearby sign-waver.
  "THEY CAN'T DO THAT!" shouted another.
  Larger objects started getting tossed about.  Someone left the original crowd and grabbed a loose rock from the garden wall of one of the fancy houses and threw it at the Governor's front window.
  There was a cheer as it was smashed to pieces, and all hell broke loose.
  "NO!  Stop!" Trufty called, to no avail.
  "What do we do Cap'n?" Rack asked, looking perplexed.
  Rinn had no idea.  People were now rushing about all over the place in a chaotic mob, there was no sense of who was on which side, or who was an innocent bystander or misbehaving instigator.  There was constant shouting and panicking, gleeful laughter and jeering, and through it all an undercurrent of ugly animal aggression.
  More objects were hurled at the Governor's house, and his two bodyguards stepped into the fray.  They engaged in fisticuffs with some of the protestors, arms flailing about wildly.
  "Try to help anyone who is injured, and try to stop people who are throwing things!" Rinn shouted.
  Chadley and his boys weren't afraid to get stuck in.  They were using wrestling techniques to bring people to the floor and pin them, and they were throwing punches without much concern.  It was certainly effective, but it felt wrong to Rinn.
  People were knocking him left and right, bumping his shoulders and scraping past him.  He tried to make his way through the melee towards the Governor's house, but was accosted every step of the way by people he had to fend off.
  Before he made it, there was a bloodcurdling female scream that cut through all of the hectic noise.
  The chaos turned to all out panic as other voices joined in the screaming, and people began to flood in one direction as if they were fleeing from something.
  Escaping the crowd momentarily, Rinn clamboured up onto a stone wall and looked over the throng in the direction they were fleeing from.  His stomach fell out as his eyes fell on a small black portal.  Tracking closer to the crowd, he then saw a pack of four garraboons ripping a civilian apart and tossing the limbs away.
  "GARRABOOOONS!" he screamed at the top of his voice.
  A couple of his squadmates looked around and he gestured wildly, indicating that they should go against the flow of people.
  "WEAPONS!" he shouted, before running nimbly along the wall to join up with some of Chadley's boys.
  The Seagulls soon picked up on what was going on and stopped fighting the civilians.  Drawing swords, they formed up quickly and smartly, and jostled good-naturedly with eachother.  Rinn had to admire their nonchalance in spite of all that was unfolding.
  "Garraboons, back of the crowd!"
  They nodded and prepared.
  Rinn watched helplessly as a straggler was caught by the ankle and dragged, screaming pitiously in terror, back to the waiting claws of the others.
  Their strange flesh was a dark red that looked like treated leather, their limbs were muscular and powerful, with the arms being longer than the legs.  Their bodies were thick and hairy, and alien-looking to Rinn's eyes.  The claws which they were now shredding their victim with were long and black, not particularly sharp, but dragged with great force through the poor man's flesh.
  Finally, one of the garraboons devoured his head with it's freakishly large mouth and misshapen 'teeth'.  His screams were abruptly silenced.
  Most of Rinn's squad had joined up with the Seagulls and looked on in sickened horror.
  The Captain took stock of the situation and was at least relieved that most of the civilians were fleeing safely - but as he watched, another black portal appeared ahead of them.
  In confusion and terror, people split off in all possible directions, shoving and screaming.  Some tripped or were pushed over.
  "SQUAD!  BEHIND!" Rinn called, hopping down from the wall to join them now that there was more space.
  Chadley and his mercenaries had engaged the three original garraboons and Rinn trusted them to handle it.
  "A new portal has opened over here where the protestors are running, let's go!  Stay close!"
  They followed him as he took his spear from Smim who had been holding it for him during all of the protest build up.  His hands gripped far tighter than he even realised as adrenaline flooded his body.
  Eyes fixed on the portal, they all watched with abject fear as a new devilry emerged into the street.
  It was no garraboon, no lizard, and no metal giant.  It was a monster that somehow reflects on the stupid protestors